a humble strategy to hinder the for of obama
the republican leaders justify their policy the need of fight against the electoral fraud .
now well , the centre brennan as this last a myth and says that the electoral fraud is least often in the states united the number of people die to cause of the fall of a glimmer .
of done , the republican lawyers not have found more that 300 cases of electoral fraud in the states united in ten years .
a thing is certain : these new provisions will adversely to the rate of participation .
in that sense , these measures minarán in part the democratic american system .
the otherwise of what happens in canada , the american states are responsible of the organisation of the federal elections in the states united .
and in same line a majority of the american governments introduced , to from of 2009 , new laws that seal the process of for or of vote .
this phenomenon has talked after the elections of november of 2010 , were the increase of 675 new republican representatives in 26 states .
in result , for the year 2011 introduced 180 projects of law subjected the exercise the right of vote in 41 states .
the new laws election are that the electorate be a document of identity with a picture , also of a test of american citizenship .
another part , these laws reduced the periods of vote which , invalidan the right to lobby as forrester in the day the polling and turn their right the vote to the citizens with criminal background .
before of the elections of 2006 , no american state requirements that the electorate presentaran a document of identity with picture .
the state of indiana was the first in legal .
the court supreme of the states united confirmed in 2008 the being of the law of indiana .
this , the republicanas authorities engaged to extend practice to other states .
in the last years these authorities have supported projects of law in 34 states to force to the electorate to present a document of identity with picture .
is important have in account that , the otherwise of what is in quebec , the american citizens not have of a document of universal identity , as the card of the social security .
of done , a 11 % of the american citizens , is say , 21 million of people in age of vote , not have with no document of identity with picture protesting a agency government of their state .
another hand , five million of new electorate in 2012 are of a document of identity with these characteristics .
but , to often , the obtaining the document of identity quickly costs more of hundred dollars .
with what which , the new restrictions affect of disproportionate way to the people , the minorities and the people with low income .
in effect , a 25 % of afroamericanos , a 15 % of people earn least of 35.000 dollars the year , a 18 % of the citizens of more of 65 years and a 20 % of the electorate of between 18 and 29 years not have with a document of identity with picture .
and still there more .
in many states the students , the electorate more vote to the demócratas candidates , not can use the document of identity with picture protesting their institution .
another part , these same states authorise to the member of the clubs of fisheries or of hunting usually vote to the republican parties to use documents issued these clubs .
before of 2004 no state requirements the test of citizenship to vote .
arizona was the first state in present that demand .
since 2011 , a dozen of states has adopted laws that are that the electorate prove that are american citizens .
these measures are , clearly , limit the hispano vote .
seems be that two of every three hispanos electorate support the democratic party .
another hand , the republican legislators supported in 2011 certain laws that abolían the for of electorate the same day the polling in eight states .
also , constrained the right of the people and the groups to create a service of aid to the electorate is inscribirse .
these restrictions have consequences .
example , in the general elections of 2004 , the campaigns of for of the electorate contributed the registration of around of 10 million of citizens .
the measures taken since 2009 succeed that the rate of for of new electorate out in 2010 in compared with the year 2006 .
also , the republican legislators adopted laws in other five states was the reduction the period of vote advance .
example , in the elections of 2008 in florida , a 33 % of the electorate voted advance were afroamericanos , while that these last not represented more that a 13 % of the electorate the state .
in the case of the hispanos happening exactly what same .
these not represent more a 11 % of the electorate , what is to a 24 % of the citizens vote advance .
however , the white , represent a 76 % the electorate , not represent more that the 46 % of the citizens vote advance .
course , the demócratas legislators and their who have are also to the adoption of laws that originating the registration of electorate .
in this sense , the demócratas governors have blocked several projects of law .
the ministry prosecutor of the states united intervened to stop the laws more controversial .
could , in part , limit the damage .
example , so only 16 of 34 states adopted the law requirements the presentation of a document of identity with picture .
however , is undeniable that the new rules taken complicarán the exercise the right to vote in 2012 .
the critical democrats report the partisan nature of the laws that have voted , already is clear that with them intended influence in the results of 2012 in the key states .
a report the centre brennan of 2011 shows that the states have adopted such laws represent 171 of the 270 necessary votes in the electoral school to achieve the presidency .
is too soon to say with certainty if these legislative amendments to level of electoral system will a significant impact in the results of the presidential elections of 2012 .
a thing is certain : these new provisions will adversely to the rate of participation .
in this sense , the measures minarán in part the democratic american system .
detection the cancer of prostate : it the test or not hacérselo ?
in effect , the test of psa is , in times , erroneous results , with false negative results or even false positive results , after the decided be medical unnecessary speeches .
is a reason more that enough to do is to the men , already reticentes of itself , on if should done or not tests of detection .
have the test or not ?
have asked council to two specialists .
in the studies by in the states united was a great rate of chlamydia between the groups of indication , what is difficult interpret these data and do recommendations ground .
their part , the european study was certain difference of mortality between the patients had been the detection and the not .
the study , with a monitoring to the 12 years , proved also that there between the 30 and the 40 % of possibilities of becoming metastases if not has been the test of detection .
recommend , therefore , the test to from of the 50 years , or to from of the 40 years if your father has suffered cancer of prostate .
the men of afroamericano origin have a rate of risk more high .
the key is take a good decision a time been the cancer .
there aggressive cancers and others cancers that are indolentes .
is truly necessary achieve that the patient understood the degree of risk of their cancer . you must offer all the possible options and not necessarily try the cancers of prostate not enable against the life to long term , in whose case must has more well a active surveillance of the disease .
today in many day men to the them has been a cancer not are treaties , since cancer not is aggressive or one a risk to their life .
in their place , them suggest a active surveillance of the disease and , if this goes , them we a treatment .
determinamos every time with more often precise criteria to decide who should or not be with .
recommend that do the test in any case .
but is important that done with their doctor to determine if must have the test or not .
movember has created , in cooperation with the international society of urología , a tool allows assess pros and the pros the test of psa .
can onto this document ( the time only in english , but help translations within of little ) in the next direction : http : / / ca.movember.com / fr / mens-health / prostate-cancer-screening
prevent the disease
unfortunately , not there a recipe miracle to prevent the cancer .
to despite of the progress of the research , the adoption of habits of healthy life are being the best way of reduce the risks of have the disease .
believe that if all the world comiera well and move what enough , could prevent a 30 % of the cancers .
&quot; if nobody smoke , rate rise , the least , the 50 % &quot; , underlines andré rue , spokesman of the society canadiense against the cancer .
in change , evaluamos that around the 10 % of the cancers are inherited .
many others are being completely explainable .
to the society canadiense against the cancer , the fight against the smoking is being a priority to despite of the in the number of smokers .
the tobacco is individual with the 85 % of the cases the cancer of lung .
is , also , a factor of risk to other types of cancers .
is very the health of the people .
&quot; today today , still there 1,5 million of smokers in quebec &quot; , declared the spokesman andré rue .
a hopeful fact : 10 years after of stop of smoking , the risk of die of cancer reduces to the half .
the weight
the gordura and the obesity help also the emergence of the disease , according the scc .
upgraded the risks of cancer of breast , of bowel and of rectal , of oesophagus , of páncreas and of womb .
&quot; the research shown that the regular practice of physical activity for all the life it against the cancer of breast &quot; , add .
the food
the agency should , also , limit the consumption of it red .
in large quantities , do progress the risks of have a colorectal cancer .
the products of charcutería also must industrial .
the preservation of the meat to their ahumado , fodder or herrings can cause the training of carcinogenic substances .
&quot; pueden damage the cells the agency and to the development the cancer &quot; , we explained .
the vitamins
in the last years , several scientists have studied the ties between the complex correctly and the cancer .
however , the time their research not are unconvincing .
segú the scc , the studies about of the osteoporosis e are contradictory .
while in one of them discovered a in of the risks of cancer of prostate , in another what observed was , more well , a increase .
the effect of the osteoporosis d in the cancer not has been determine with clarity .
another part , m. rue should in the importance of speak on the concerns and the background family of every one with their doctor .
&quot; do the test of detection not causes cancer . &quot;
the bosón of higgs in detail
the announcement the likely discovery the bosón of higgs generated a great shock the last summer , and with reason .
believe , in effect , that this bosón is involve the responsible mechanism of the mass of all what there in the universe , nothing more and least nothing .
and what is more , is of the partícula whose existence predicted the standard model : our better or least bad &quot; &quot; explanation of the nature and the behaviour of the on , still not has been seen empirically .
but to the físicos not is completely clear that involved of higgs .
know place to doubt there a new partícula and that seems much the bosón of higgs predicted the standard model .
also , new desvelados data this week in a important congress of physics at in kyoto seem confirm that is , although still more data to be completely sure .
of all ways , assume that is of higgs , already the possibilities of get seem few . will of what is .
there , in this great world , a widespread law and vital means that two things not can is in the same place at same time .
not there way of infringing rule and not trying too , because will manipulating damage .
although the physics of the particles be a world very complex , has shown that also in it there a law of these characteristics : the principle of exclusion of pauli , stipulates that two particles not can should the same space the same time if are in the same &quot; cuántico &quot; state ; a &quot; state &quot; consists , great way , of some of their characteristics .
the physical classify the particles in two categories .
a part we are with the good citizens called fermiones , supporting wisely the principle of pauli .
and one are the bosones , a unofficial panda of anarquistas not has respect nothing , or the least not this principle , what means that can is in the same place and at same time .
according the website web the particle adventure of the laboratories berkeley , true , is extraordinary , the bosones into in two groups : the breweries , of the not discuss here , and the &quot; particles of &quot; force , the the large forces of the nature spreading and with the which the bosón of higgs would of any emparentado way .
these bosones , be underline here , not are the exóticos bichos could believe .
of done , if there read this risk , is thanks to a bosón extremely trivial : the fotón or the &quot; partícula of light &quot; it as &quot; messenger &quot; of the electromagnetic force .
in effect , when a partícula with a burden we harvest or change of direction , &quot; desordena &quot; the electromagnético field in that be environment ; a little as when gave a stone to a pond .
in this &quot; point &quot; stems a electromagnetic wavelength ( of the light , of the lamps , of the laser , etc. ) , and this wavelength not is another thing a fotón ; is say , one of the bosones proper &quot; of &quot; force .
field more stable
happens what same with the bosón of higgs , with the difference of that is of another field , the field of higgs , needs be desordenado &quot; &quot; to that this bosón hang .
now well , the field of higgs is far more stable that the electromagnético field . to activarlo ago lack come to energy extremely higher , a little as if like of a pond pisa in the so only a rock gruesa could would the surface .
this ago lack a vast put of particles as the of the megascience ( ¡ the great colisionador of hadrones is a ring of 27 km of circumference ! ) to achieve such levels of energy .
the analogy with the electromagnético field is a new tool that explains the relationship between the higgs and the mass .
of done , not all the particles or all the materials interact with the electromagnético field .
some , as the imams , do , but others not : a paper of role , example , not will never itself same am to the door of a refrigerator .
and of the same way , not all the particles interact with the field of higgs : the do have a mass , while the rest ( how the fotón , true ) , not have .
now well , what &quot; can provide &quot; all these research ? , question the mrs plamondon .
to the science , this serves to verify the validity the standard model ( ms ) , and allows , also , that the físicos escrutinen the differences between the comments and the predictions the ms .
their part , many want also that are , because the will difference could open a door to a new &quot; physics &quot; tape certain holes the model .
this , there that said , has still enormous shortcomings , as that not proposes explanation any on to the seriousness ( ¡ ups ! ) or to the on darker , constitutes around the 80 % of the on the universe ( ¡ another ups ! ) .
but not have found such differences in the megascience to the time .
impact
the impact of such research in our day to day are difficult of predict , but not believe that we let the say that not will no .
to that just : to beginning of the years 60 , the pioneers the láser in the laboratories not sospechaban in all the revolution their jobs provocarían .
entreveían the scientific applications , but nothing more .
of done , as already said the físico willard boyle , worked in the laboratories bell , where invented the radiation in 1960 , and targeted the first ongoing radiation ( the first were pulsados ) in 1962 , the principle the radiation was more well considered a &quot; course of laboratory &quot; .
imagine ...
and also , the applications can also approach of all the implementing that to the research .
example , the same willard boyle targeted a captador of light in 1969 in the course of their research in on of angles .
to despite of that not was in all their original intention , this captador serves now of &quot; eye &quot; to all the digital equipment the world , what you sway the nobel of physics in 2009 .
that not want say , course , the activities the lhc want necessarily turned our lives , but never know ...
care palliatives . the best way of die ... &#124; you devoir
in their commission morir in dignity , quebec discussed recently the sensitive question the end of the life .
the debate must approached soon while for a project of law .
now well , within of that essential dominance , still there a do .
you devoir has tried anybody of closely .
ago hardly a weeks , the sr. l. was only in their your of the montérégie .
the cancer of prostate you was destroying you had given a breathing of two years .
&quot; i had given five years of life , but already i seven &quot; , tracing , done a is , tumbado in their bed in the centre of care palliatives victor-gadbois of beloeil , to the came the previous day .
&quot; but always is a shock , not we be ready to this &quot; , continues .
the disease you has caused havoc : a huge weakness you prevents go only the bathing and even feed itself only .
clear with to a apetitoso lunch , accept resignado that you help to feed .
work , is even to he , to speak with the issue you play attention , you bring medicines and you are a bathing .
the courage of the ordinary death .
&quot; my greater desire is that i curen the disease , is humiliating &quot; , admits .
a hours more later , the team found no to that evil .
&quot; in the course of our lives spend that a man ago pis of ordinary &quot; , tracing pierre brodeur , guillermo in the centre victor-gadbois .
return to their childhood , to certain people , is a unacceptable humiliation .
&quot; that depends of the capacity of the person to accept regression &quot; , note .
because , according the opinion of the majority of the people working in care palliatives , the large at have place in the same heart of regression .
all the patients entering in the centre of care palliatives victor-gadbois have cancer .
have a prognosis of fundamental life of three months .
in that state , the team of doctors and nurses them around already not are the care curative &quot; &quot; .
the greater fear of the sra. a. , of 89 years , is die aware &quot; and ahogada &quot; .
but the disease you has done be to their children .
&quot; have a good children &quot; , adds .
&quot; already not i are more wishes in this &quot; life , says , before of accept that you should a mascarilla to her to breathe .
and expected , in the next days , a last visit of their son lives in italy .
in victor-gadbois offers , with a group of voluntary , the care the body and aid to the food .
are care palliatives them are when not can do nothing more .
to help to that their death be more confortable .
in quebec have with a bed of care palliatives to every 11.700 inhabitants .
is very little , already know that all will die some day .
here , the life continues in the best possible conditions , explains the dra. christiane martel , one of the doctors the centre .
already be to level of physical comfort , emotional or spiritual .
the moribundo you are enjuagues of mouth with brandy or pepsi , according the demand .
to the diabetics already not them controls their rate of sugar .
the death is part of what everyday .
yesterday the night you have a beer the sr. x , died in the course of the night .
this morning , their son completed the beer to the feet the inspired .
&quot; helping therefore to the patients as to their beings loved &quot; , tracing aged savard , as of the care .
in the centre victor-gadbois the days going be never equal .
the hand of a man of 94 years saborea their last meeting family in the yard , well separatist between their almohadas while all haul to their health , a young of 36 years dies of tragic way , surrounded their parents , their woman and their two children , after have tried all to survive .
&quot; since ago six months , always there of three to five top beds people under of 45 years that of cancer &quot; , concerned the dra. christiane martel .
a 53 % of the patients that are admitted in the centre next victor-gadboisarrivent of their home and a 47 % the hospital .
problem the access to care palliatives
a 77 % of the canadians simply not has access to the palliative care , is say , to the care designed to alleviate the suffering when a country is to the stage terminal of their life , be in their home , in the hospital or in a centre of care .
and several bodies , as the centre victor-gadbois and the society of care palliatives to home the cardiff montréal , especializan almost exclusively in the care of the patients with cancer .
is precisely great we on in the care health of quebec what ago that many doctors amongst in palliative care have the adoption of a law getting the euthanasia and the suicide attended .
since the month of october , a which signed eminencias of the palliative care , as the dr. balfour mount and the dr. shaw lapointe , restrict to demonstrate their opposition to as initiative .
according the dra. christiane martel , the system health of quebec not is what enough responsible as to ensure that who have right to care palliatives of quality before of that accept proceed with the euthanasia .
&quot; recently &quot; , tracing , &quot; i seen to a patient to 14 days in debate suffering large aches that has done what necessary to enterprises .
fear that the patients should die only because not receive the suitable care &quot; .
and also , many oncólogos obstinan with their patients even the last day , to despite of the worst prospects .
the hopes of survival of hélène richard were already under bare when he a treatment of exhausting chemotherapy .
&quot; when you said to my oncóloga wanted stop the treatment , it i said that you was very penalty like stop of fight &quot; , tracing .
&quot; however , ¡ it i had said that not had nothing more do ! &quot;
not there todopoderosos care
the dra. martel believe that a 90 % of the people dropped die are to their carers that not them have met in their demands a time them has aliviado their pain thanks to a team of care palliatives .
but there that say that the care palliatives not are absolutely todopoderosos in what as the treatment the pain .
according elsie monereau , as of the palliative care to home of cardiff montréal , the patients not they to the treatments against the pain in a 8 % of the cases .
the final of the life , the doctors usually resort to the sedating palliative , serves to taking the to the time of their abortions , already be of occupational way or of permanent way .
not we pretend that not understand part the suffering .
every time more , the disease not minds is to have the possibility of have sedating palliative .
the people not are aliviados say all what same : &quot; i i die &quot; .
but that not want say necessarily &quot; i the euthanasia &quot; , but &quot; i that i alivien &quot; .
the realisation of this study has been possible thanks to a grants of journalism of the institutes of research of health of canada .
short escándalos of great as in quebec
officials of the network road , employers the btp , collector of funds of political parties and especialistas of the italian mafia have , day after day , what know of a excellent &quot; system &quot; , the form part the industry of the construction , officials , politicians , unionists and mafia .
a &quot; &quot; industry went too expensive to the quebequenses taxpayers , on all in the years 1990 and 2000 .
&quot; is remarkable how the system pulveriza a time have cazado to the large media &quot; , ironiza jacques duchesneau , member in quebec and former head of the police of montreal .
he lideró the outbreak the scandal in 2011 , was possible thanks to a research to fund on the such embezzlement to contracts of roads in quebec , the first liberal minister of that time , jean charest , not had presumed more that in delay .
the &quot; report duchesneau &quot; set a direct link between the industry , the illegal funding of the parties and the corruption between officials .
&quot; since the start of the research in 2010 , so only the ministry of transport would saved billion million of dollars in contracts &quot; , analysing some of their enjoyment of populations with a proportional part .
the commission charbonneau &quot; already has done fall to two &quot; mayors , adds , while expected be come to &quot; demonstrate the ploys existing behind of the &quot; individuals .
a permanent unit corruption , by in 2011
the permanent unit corruption , by in 2011 , applies also with their team of controllers , researchers and analysts the government .
this unit works also of the police of &quot; the maps marteau &quot; , , since 2009 , have done that the &quot; cartel the sewerage &quot; of montreal modere to the time of inflating contracts .
these last weeks , the unit has allowed the registration in series of the accusations fraud and corruption against municipal charges as frank zampino and richard marcotte , mayor of a city of the km .
the next of the list would savary vaillancourt , has of resign of their since of mayor of laval , third city of quebec .
suspicion that has embolsado destructive bribery to change of public contracts .
has accused formally to engineers of the network road of montreal and to employers of italian origin , as tony accurso and flax zambito .
this last has caused shock the explain to the commission the mecánica the &quot; system &quot; of obtaining of public contracts .
he same paid for three years a 3 % the value of the bad contracts in montreal to a broker concerned to the mafia transfirió the money to dimension montréal , the party the mayor gérald tremblay .
m. zambito repartió money to congratulatory and are for the years 2000 , granting more of 88.000 dollars canadians ( a 68.000 eur ) to provincial parties , on all to the liberals in the power .
befriended , also , have organised a laptops of illegal funds to the ex-viceprimera liberal minister , aged normandeau .
the inflation the cost of the contracts of sewerage
in montreal , the &quot; system &quot; of corruption did with efficiency .
savary surprenant , exingeniero of public works , he perfectly to the commission : in ten years received those , european to travel , torneos of golf , restaurants , parties of hockey and bribery of companies the sector of the construction a total of 736.000 dollars , all this to change of contracts of sewerage whose costs drawn .
others officials of the network road have admitted that received money inflating the bills between a 30 % and a 40 % in concept of false extra .
also , a inflated the party the mayor , martin dumont , was to m. tremblay liberated have done the blind view deliberately to a parallel budget and particularly their coffers of dirty money .
to result of these revelations , m. tremblay resigned to principles of november and was to montreal to a huge crisis .
chantal rouleau was one of the first policies ourselves of montreal was sound the alarm .
as election the district of rivière-des-prairies , in the east of the island , opposed since 2010 to the sale of a municipal ground while 5 million of dollars and revendido 1,6 million to the support in full real boom .
the 70 % the money of the campaigns election was dirty money
of the research that finally will to out , it are that remuneration &quot; of a balance to be understand the functioning the system , infiltrado hormigas , to stop the gangrena and fishing to the culprits &quot; .
and adds that the process is painful &quot; , but positive &quot; .
are sacrificed the cut but would missing a unit of clean research in montreal and be very warning to that the dubious practices not occur .
how do bit .
regularly .
jacques duchesneau , their part , states that &quot; the officials have stolen hundreds of million of dollars &quot; , but is inquieto on all the role of the &apos; &quot; politicians elected the aware of the thus &quot; .
estimando in a 70 % the proportion of dirty money been to the funding of campaigns election in quebec , ironiza : &quot; i have said that that not is more a pálido a of the reality &quot; .
the quebequés government proposes limit to 100 dollars the donations to parties , but that not will the donation , according he , &quot; while not speaking strictly the expenditure election , will dirty money in the policy &quot; .
held a full review the system of amount of public contracts and of funding of the parties : &quot; not we fall more low ; go the fund of the things , with courage , we will rebuild the home with a foundations more solid , with more controls and laws &quot; .
if this history clouds the international image of quebec and of montreal , m. duchesneau foot to those laughing to take the mirror .
&quot; ¡ the psg not is the groningen barcelona ! &quot;
this season has accorded a new entity with the psg .
how sensed that progress ?
could explain a process of individual awareness , but also the new dimension the psg .
have come large players .
avanzo of day in day to their hand .
the technical staff also i has has much .
and these elements i same to every to raise the level of my game .
in a party , that is more easy .
all is very rapid in the football .
but i not i acaloro .
since my beginning in the centre of preformación of inf clairefontaine even my step saint-etienne , always i made to steps bounds .
is to obtain benefit of the reclutada competition carlo ancelotti .
the reclutados of this summer are used to will parties of very high level .
know that every numbers is crucial .
that ago that a player as i have politics of fight and darlo everything .
another part , carlo ancelotti i provided much in as to my position .
is broadly adjuntos as claude makelele , jugaba in the same position i .
ancelotti is the man needed the team ?
course .
ancelotti have respect to all the technicians .
today today , not there nobody as in the league 1 and is between the best european entrenadores .
has a great experience and has won many titles with the best clubs .
has worked with large players .
i that will other titles in paris .
in january had a conversation very comforting with he .
i had of get of a series of injury .
the confidence has in me explains also my good performance .
what think on the psg in the first part of the season ?
in the league 1 , lyon we has taken the since of leader .
but we in the ambush .
one of our elderly objectives is the league of champions : we have counterfeit to the octavos of end with lifestyle .
what is the aim the club in this competition ?
we to try of come what more far possible .
to from of now , can to any thing .
but have a say with to many and very good european equipment .
want , to start , end the first of our league with the oporto to be receive the back of octavos of end .
the psg can become in a great european club to short term ?
already has the budget ...
to become in a great european club , paris has that win titles and be to long term .
today today , that not is the case .
to economic level , the psg is entregado to their media to that that project end .
not win the cup in the league 1 , as in the last season , would a great failure ?
course , would a great disappointment .
this year we to invest all our efforts in us that title of champions .
in the last season not we far .
in may we have a disappointment , already had with the privileged conditions to i first .
had a strong season .
end with 79 points .
normally , with 79 points should have been champions ...
but another team , the montpellier , had a season quite best .
this year i that will the good .
even if the equipment as the marseille , the lyon and the bordeaux fighting the title , i that have with the weapons to llevárnoslo .
believe that the media expect more the psg ?
is normal that be much of us if we in what has made in the players have .
have accepted completely .
after of that ganáramos 4-0 in home to troyes , still are with things reprocharnos is a little frustrating .
we ask what more expected the people .
never we win 4-0 all the purposes of week .
¡ not are the groningen barcelona !
try of to in a project of game .
a team build with time .
in the league of champions have shown that we respond and be present .
¡ look the manchester holder , after two seasons , not has achieved clasificarse to octavos of end , and them also have made far !
in view of the sums alas , you imaginaríamos with 15 points of advantage to the hours .
that would allow to our adversaries and the championship of france .
lyon and marseille , not were well the previous season , have seen promising &quot; &quot; this new psg .
that shows that the league 1 is exciting .
hope that in may can say with a deficiencies that , to despite of all the difficulties , have over llevándonos the leterme .
the psg seems completely dependent of the successes of you you .
better that say that have a &quot; zlatandependencia &quot; .
that want say that you is very responsible and that get many goals .
has come to demonstrate that is the star of the league 1 .
and has shown in all the equipment the has happened that is a great player , a global star .
in the group respect the man and the player .
and he also respects to the men has to their around .
what has done is truly exceptional .
that prompts to the others to increase their level of game .
thiago silva , one of the best defenders the world , allows also that all move .
how agree experienced the championship 2012 with the team of france ?
has been a disappointment .
was very happy participate in this championship .
unfortunately , my injury i was earned time of game .
saw things and i important .
today logro playing good parties in the selection .
is what expected since my baptism with the &quot; blues &quot; .
did the lesson of what happened in ukraine and to this must that today have a exemplary behaviour .
what vision have the first month of didier deschamps the with of the &quot; &quot; blues ?
is obtaining results .
are well good in the group of classification to the world .
the seleccionador is stringent , have to the players and have to win .
as was the case of laurent like .
but not i do comparisons .
like issued their aim of clasificarnos to the championship .
hope that didier deschamps carried to the selection to brazil .
the draw ( 1-1 ) the 16 of october in spain was to lay the foundations ?
that game we was confidence .
every one peleó all .
before of that shock in spain , not had experienced a reminiscent game in all my career .
with bitcoin , pay and sell banks
all otherwise to the monetary current exchanges , based in the central banks , the largest transactions and the burdens of prosecution between the parties .
also , as to often happens in the technologies , the political vision is palpable : the conviction of that the monetary current system , up of monopolies banking , has to the financial crisis .
of done , bitcoin , more satoshi nakamoto ( a pseudónimo ) , is to the time a virtual currency converted to dollars , euros , etc. and a protocol of safe change to the way of bittorrent , allows the exchange of file of as to as .
have reported closely of 200.000 transactions thanks to 15.000 computers of the network .
and closely of a thousand websites website accepted the bitcoins as donations or as way of payment .
the prices the bitcoin , after have come to the top of 30 dollars ( 23 eur ) in june of 2011 , fell to 2 dollars five months more later , before of return today to haunt the ten dollars ( the contributions censan in the website bitcoincharts.com ) .
not is impressive nothing if what compared with the changes world in real currency or in financial products .
however , the bank central european ( ecb ) was he in a report on the online coins published in october .
in he , described the bitcoin as &quot; the virtual currency with more success &quot; , &quot; that competing with the dollar or the euro &quot; and &quot; similar to the conventional coins &quot; .
bitcoin difference of other systems with types of online coins as the &quot; appropriations &quot; , used to move in a vídeojuego and that can win playing or can buy ( and even in times canjear ) .
the social network facebook developed also this kind of system .
but in all exchange a central authority controls and is the changes .
with the bitcoin , all the nodes of network are to the time trustees of books of accounting , verifiers , issuers of currency and buyers and sellers .
how works network ?
every compromise between two users ago in reality between two electronic directions in way of electronic email .
a user can choose a different direction to every payment , thus the pushers .
a whole of such information to this compromise celebrated electronically to through of a system of encryption to double key .
the network can verify the authenticity of the compromise .
thanks the content the fichero , is also possible ensure that the changes of bitcoins will in the book of public accounts , disseminate all the network .
the key milestone is in write new compromise in that book .
this is the resolution of a challenge mathematics it to the computers and the winner , a kind of central provisional banker , will the privilege of add supplementary line .
is of a stage of troceado of fichero , is say , of transformation of a great fichero in a numerical imprint more shorter and only .
the computers &quot; you &quot; the new compromise and add a number before of &quot; trocear &quot; the whole .
the aim is find the number will a particular imprint ( more ceros the principle ) .
a time is that number , the other nodes verifican easily that is the good .
the compromise is then indestructiblemente people to the chain of sets of the other transactions ; all modification replaced the imprint .
if , to commit a fraud , a user like pay two times with the same money very rapid ( in least of ten minutes ) , network only accept as valid a of the two transactions ; the one would huérfana , already both have different fingerprints .
the computer tried the challenge has 50 bitcoins .
to avoid the inflation , that to divides in two regularly , with likelihood before the end of 2012 .
the number of bitcoins in movement is , because , limited to 21 million , but are divisible to the cienmillonésimo , what is a broader margin .
the difficulty of this challenge reveals also in every increase of the power of calculation .
the life of the network has already their downs .
the websites web are services to bitcoin have been attacked and have stolen bitcoins in disposal .
&quot; the failure used not affects at same protocol &quot; , are pierre noizat , has of launch paymium , a company of payment in real currency used the network bitcoin .
the ecb has in account also the possibilities of blanquo of money thanks to this anonymous service .
but the money in effective is the same fault .
the players of weight as one reject the payments of this kind .
others , as the platform wordpress , the accepted .
recently , groupings shamir and dorit rum , the insitito weizmann in israel , carried the book of accounting and were that closely the 80 % of bitcoins not restrict .
in november were the cheap gigantes &quot; &quot; .
&quot; changed 30.000 dollars &quot; , regocija jon holmquist , working to coinabul , becomes the bitcoins in gold .
pierre noizat , author of a corrective book on currency , believe quite in the potential of this technology also of in the network of transactions .
their system , paytunia , is to a card of credit ( in real currency ) or to a payment móvil contact , but used bitcoin to validate the transactions , that are more cheap .
the her , also , managed their identity and can , therefore , remain in the pushers .
the system is easy of to in in the shops , not have that installing new terminals or softwares .
them is with supply a direction a telephone can fotografiar &quot; and recognise &quot; , there pierre noizat , are have thousands of users .
there a general movement of review of the superior systems systems more horizontal .
&quot; will missing a time to that bitcoin will , but in 2013 could have a change &quot; , predice .
another part , in their report the ecb is enhance the wide risks , adverse higher today , in case of that this currency have success .
have of afghanistan .
and after ?
the french troops abandoned their area of responsibility in afghanistan ( kapisa and surobi ) .
the nato and the americans must get to purposes of 2014 .
is time of that the army out taken possession of their territory and that the afghan choosing their future , wait nothing of us .
have punish on all to the farmers afghan , to the have considered terrorists .
and to us ourselves , with our 88 soldiers murdered , more injured and the terrorist .
the taliban have with extremist foreigners and old heads refugees in pakistan , but to often also with farmers reject the presence the foreign army , as in the times of the soviet .
want defend their traditions , old and arcaicas , even if to their causes merging the terrorists , the paquistaníes , the arabs , the uzbecos or the tayikos .
tolerados , to times even able the local insurgents , they already not will when the western do more discreet .
the starting of the french troops of the basis of nijrab , i since what high of the further hill of almendros thanks to the french appropriations , was order .
the convoys of lorry and of tanks were to kabul have no attack , spotlight the helicopters .
not will everywhere of taliban in kabul to from of end of 2014 .
the circumstances have changed since their irresistible progress between 1994 and 1996 .
kabul was then hollow and the country dragged in ceasefire and blood to cause of the earlier between different factions .
their process of control the country had been perceived as a kind of liberation , the return to the security .
the afghan have paid the price the fascists of their firm farmers the al-qaeda organisation , but their situation not is best today .
the old muyahidines , the current government and the current taliban see the desire of keep to the women in a less position .
the main personalities of the antisoviética war only the power in 2001 .
have become in speculators , manipulating with areas government to revenderlos as solar to the refugees have again of iran and pakistan , beneficiándose to the couple of enormous american contracts of case .
are desacreditados ; the majority of them not have fought .
the people , that i heard in the field , is to a government not is up honour .
many people want leave , as also iran the have known from of the generosity americana : the flight of capital is considerable .
the people are tired of the war and of their ideologies .
have experienced the modern world for their exilios in iran or pakistan and have appreciated their advantages .
with around of a 65 % of their population will of 25 years , kabul has now same with 5 million of inhabitants , a fifth part of the total population .
in the cities , the schools state are in therefore of girls as of children .
will that give work to these people not will return at fascists of the old parties or to the corruption of certain leaders .
all , including the armed opposition , are or of mobile phones . the television and their folletines turks have a modern world has large admirers in all the country .
the army is now present .
completed these the authorities want you the country ?
the old staff of the antisoviética fight about already of reiterated the provincial militias , huirán the be central .
afghanistan , country of mountains , of strong local identities , should be from of a a decentralization to image of the western nations . however , the states united have wanted turned in a centralised state , with a presidential power as , removing the since the first minister there since the constitution of 1964 .
the president karzai not want the foreign control , in particular with reason of the elections will in april of 2014 .
not however , their country depends of the foreign aid since the years 50 and even before .
no industry has reestablecido their services , not has managed no embalse not have repaired the systems of important irrigation .
all is imported and not is nothing exception fruit and vegetables .
the priority is to the private initiative .
in a country ruined after 30 years of war , would been necessary the control government .
expandió the rumour of that afghanistan possessed enormous all subject .
and that not was more that increase the sense of that the western were to make of them .
energy to draw mineral of iron or of as the ground and media of transport to export to through of the mountains , not there exploitation mining .
the chinese already almost have abandoned the mines of as of month aynak , being that the international archaeologists ( huge the bank world ) excaven the vast búdico ancient and remain there as the employers more important of the province .
will also missing that afghanistan and pakistan , country the on widely the imports and the exports , restored their normal relations .
the french troops left the 20 of november .
the new treaty of cooperation is the continuation of the traditional aid : schools of girls , schools of children , a department of french in the university , the french institute , the cooperation in the military areas , legal , health and agricultural and the support to the archaeological delegation .
since 2009 , with the subject of try &quot; gain the hearts and the ghosts &quot; and of be the impossible task of do that the aid and the actions offensive coincidan , a service of &quot; civil actions and military &quot; the ministry of defence ( cimic ) , rid in 2012 , brought and was bring to through of a small french many ngos jobs of collective interest and actions of agricultural rehabilitation in tens of villages of mountain .
these jobs , golosos of obtain hand of local labour , have been help to contain the uprising : irrigation , wells , clean water , reforestation , wild trees , solar protection and increase of land of cultivation .
what we as remember after two million of eur of military expenditure ?
a budget more well modest will to the improvement of the conditions of local life , very tough in these good gorgonzola to often to more of 2.000 metres of level .
the embassy received tens of demands written with small agricultural proposals by local communities of the province of kapisa .
to that must of the wrong uprising to out the foreign groups , something the farmers i have said that want , would missing keep a small civil aid , rightly controlled and them comes directly .
a constitution with fórceps in egypt
is a new twice or nothing the president succession morsi .
while egypt is more divided that never in as to the constitutional declaration , you make provisionally full powers , he decided playing the all the everything .
took to all the world surprise the wednesday , when announced that the house constituent would their final text the next day .
ago so only a week , the head of state had given two months more to that house to end their jobs .
and ago almost two years that egypt used a provisional text , several times that , what distorts the institutional stability and has to judicial embrollos .
this new initiative not has done more that increase the rift in the country .
to their opponents , the president upheld in their &quot; autocrático delusion &quot; and continues &quot; betraying their word &quot; and &quot; trampling the right &quot; .
part of their supporters , are that is of a measure to end more rapid with the institutional crisis and political and speed the process of transition .
in the next 15 days should organised a referendum .
a time of time very short forced to the brothers to up to their project of explain the text , article article , to the egyptians .
to the president , is also of a way of recover a being popular and democratic while the discussion cause havoc in all the country .
succession morsi seems convinced of that the egyptians will to their favour , as said in a interview the american periodical time .
considering that that appeal has voted with a quickly , contains a ultimatum to the egyptian people : &quot; or vote my text or am the full powers &quot; , powers supposed that to their end with the adoption of the constitution .
is in that strange environment in the 85 member of this house constituent , islamist in their great majority , voted the text yesterday .
the majority of the liberals not turned to the call .
to in of november , a little before of the constitutional declaration , had closed the door because considered that not were do assert their points of view .
the representatives of the human rights , the religious minorities and of the civil society did what same .
to end of that reached the necessary quorum , yesterday the morning trust to 11 people , sustitutos member , to all haste .
some of them are very those to the brothers of .
as expected wait , the votados articles have been unanimity .
to the commentators them ago grace , another part , the fact of that one of the few discrepancies of the hours has expressed virtually to the time of the sentence , therefore is several member the committee came to think that the clock of the constituent was .
the text , yesterday later was still being current , consists of 234 articles .
the article 2 , subject of all the expectations , is being finally same the of the constitution of 1971 , stipulated that &quot; the principles of the sharia are the main source the right &quot; .
the salafistas parties , to who the establishment of the islamic law is a fundamental vindication , were that could replace &quot; the &quot; principles &quot; the rules &quot; , what would allowed a implementation more strict .
to the islamists , that this article not has been amended is a guarantee of their good will and of their respect to the other components of the egyptian society .
the liberals tachan of hypocrisy and feel that not is more of a sleight advertising .
according them , the islam of the constitution ago to through of other articles .
are , in special , the article 220 , which to the university al-azhar a advisory role , in particular to all who has of confirm their accordance with the laws of the sharia .
according the specialist in egypt sophie pommier , is disturbing because &quot; the people called to give not is elected and not has no democratic legitimacy .
here detect the premises of a theocracy &quot; .
the fears of the liberals are also by the fact of that the next rector of that university would quite least moderate the current .
&quot; now , not there a religious concrete involvement .
with this constitution are in the framework the civil state .
the majority of the lawyers have working in that text not are intolerantly but academics , some of them trained in the french system &quot; , explains alexis blouet , for a base on the constitutional egyptian transition .
but recognised that can have a ambiguity in on the article 220 , because the terms used imitan the religious pflüger .
&quot; we talking in particular the term iqh &#91; islamic justice , ndlr &#93; .
and the question could be in the future would in what measure are the civil competent judges to give above of all this &quot; .
more beyond of their religious nature , the current text yesterday has received many criticisms are to the prevalent powers which the president of the republic .
the brothers of alegarán that are few in compared with the were for the previous regime .
another point contention : the pursuant powers the army .
with the desire of the military , the review the budget of defence not will put the parliament , but to a national council of defence .
not will the prosecutions of civil in military courts , as were the associations to the defence of the human rights .
these also were their concerns relating the text , feel freedoms .
the crime of blasphemy is and , of now in forward , the insults are prohibited , what could have serious consequences to the freedom of expression , on all the of the press .
also , no article emphasises the protection of the women , underlines heba morayef , of rights rights watch .
according it , what only positive has been the ban of the torture of agreement with the article 36 .
the word not was in the previous constitution .
although the egyptian president should get yesterday the night in the television , scheduled demonstrations to this at .
the supporters the head of state demonstrated the saturday .
in israel , to the ukrainian tourists them expect the holy land , the committees the world and a sea of from
the promised land being the statehood of the bíblicas truths with the modern comfort and a prístina nature .
&quot; aif &quot; designated the five reasons more important the must visiting israel .
reverencia in the land holy
is the penalty visiting the river find where jesus was bautizado .
believe that who joining in this &quot; bautismal battery &quot; will the grace western .
and galilee , the place of the miracles of jesus : the conversion of water in wine in the wedding , moving on the waters , the appeasement of the storm and the networks teem .
in this same place , jesus am to their coué after of the resurrection .
but the greater amount of places resort is in jerusalem .
the believers need here the viacrucis or the way of the cross of jesus ( in &quot; haindorf way dolorosa &quot; ) .
begins in the fortress of for , the pretorio , where was the trial , and continues the streets of the city old , is the holy sepulcro in the mount gólgota , the place of the crucifixión , to the stone of the unción and the place of ancestors of jesus .
in this same place is also the christian symbolic committees the world , symbolises the salvation of the humanity .
and the monastery of the holy cross in jerusalem , sixth in the place where , according a christian legends , had a tree the was the cross to the crucifixión of jesus .
in jerusalem is also the place more sacred to the jews , the wall of the wailing ; the remains of a destruido debauchery the romans in the year 70 dc .
as is tradition , people of different religions is here brief with their wishes , that then will reality .
be a journey side
the ruins of the masada fortress was what became of a refuge secret against the enemies , joseph the deal sent build in the year 25 to . c. to their family .
are in the acantilados of mountain to a level of 450 values on the level the sea .
and come to there their own media , only can those must to the escalation .
the others can come to this historic summit in the funicular .
and in the north the country to a altitude of 1600-2040 values is the famous station of ski hermón , where in the months of winter there a great everywhere of tourists .
even there , since the ordinary of the hill are services of bus .
the total length of the runway of ski is of 45 km.
according a former legends , in the top of the mountain supposed habitaban gods paganos .
visiting only museums
in this country there around of 300 museums .
in a only journey not podrás visitarlos all .
but is the penalty visiting what least five of them , the more interesting .
between them is the museum of israel , it closely of the ( knesset israeli parliament ) .
in he speaking the old those the sea combination or rollos of qumrán , descubiertos in the drenthe the desert of judea , and around of 500 thousand archaeological parts and antropológicas .
is the penalty visiting the museum of art in tel tel .
in their statement of paints has with lienzos of impresionistas and expresionistas such as fine , pissarro , renoir , cézanne , sisley , matisse , modigliani , dostoevsky or pablo .
in acre can visiting the museo-baño the basha , are some rooms of old bathing turks with figures model of visitors and bathers of that time .
in cesarea is the penalty to the national private museum ralli , where can cross the parthenon of rodin and dalí .
there not there actual guides or shops of suvenires .
the entry is free , and categorically not accepted donations .
the years , the museum the holocaust or yad yad in tel tel , shows a of the pages more dramatic of the history .
the section more tragic is the memorial of the children , sixth in memory of the 1,5 million of children murdered in the camps of concentration and the chambers of gas .
entras in he and you find in absolute darkness .
the stars brillan .
and the names of the jewish children and the names of the countries in the lost the life .
ukraine mentions also .
health
the three main important areas of israel are to banks the sea mediterranean , the sea red and the sea combination .
in every one of them there pools , substantial parks , delfinarios and oceanográficos museums .
is remarkable that in the sea red aim even in the months of winter , already the temperature the water not low of the 21 degrees and the air heats to the 23 degrees .
the sea combination is still more warm and there peopled for all the year .
true , this sea , the more exceptional in the world , is in the point more low the planet : to 417 values under the level the sea .
the blue waters of there are a from easily maintain even to the not know swim .
the landscape of the investigators are truly beautiful .
the people is here to to courses of treatment with costly water , salmuera and curative barros and fortificar their health in cases of dermatitis , allergies , asthma , eczema , artritis , pneumonia , disease and to to in order their breached impression .
tocando the mysteries of the old
the retains the former part of tel tel , the citadel of jaffa , in the mediterranean coast .
it was the famous route maritime unía egypt , syria , anatolia and mesopotamia .
the city is this in the old greek myths and egyptian .
according account the legends , was here where noah was their noah and perseo rescued to the wonderful andrómeda with who , in this same place , was a long and happy life .
to the tourists them love wander the closer streets have the names of the signs the zodiaco .
say that if tocas the walls in the street of your same &quot; &quot; symbol , the developments you will favourable .
in jaffa can find partners of many that come of all parties of israel , and even of other countries to fotografiarse .
and in cesarea , the city the king joseph , can wander the roman theatre , &quot; take &quot; the fortress of the crusaders .
in the time roman , cesarea was the main city of judea and the residence of the romanos procuradores , including pontius pontius .
the theatre , with restaurado , used now to concerts night and performances of opera .
tourists remember
if travel to israel , not worry if their english is much that desired : in this country around the 30 % of the population about russian .
the money to this journey not is manifestly so in euros , but in dollars , can be easily cambiados to shéquels ( currently 1-3 $ , 8 shéquels ) .
the urban transport consists mainly the buses , but in jerusalem there rapid tram and in haifa is the only line of metre the country , consists of six stations and connects the city lower with the city sagrada .
in reality , is of a underground funicular .
travel in any kind of public transport costs 6 shéquels and this price can travel doing transbordo for 1,5 hours .
in israel , according the jewish tradition , the lottery is the sabbat .
since the night the friday to the at the sun the saturday , markets and shops close and the public transport adjourned their work .
but the sunday the morning starts a new week labour .
in many cafés , restaurants and hotels only serves kosher food , excludes meat of pig , marisco , fish escamas and dishes in the combining milk and meat .
there offers a wider selection of dishes to basis of meat of beef and lion , soup and ready postres with milk of scapegoat , the traditional hebrea cream called hummus , great variety of soups , the faláfel , that are balls of molido garbanzo , fruit and vegetables .
in the streets of the israeli cities not are stray dogs .
in change , there many cats well alimentados &quot; roam to their will &quot; of tremendous way .
the night you verlos sleep even on the ceilings of the aparcados cars .
to the ronroneadores them loves the concurridos places and not reject the rules .
the for of a car , on of the mark , cost of 37 $ ( hyundai getz ) to 188 $ ( audi a6 , umeå s80 ) the day .
also the secure , control 15 $ the day .
and the for of a bicycle you come 15 shéquels the day .
the tickets to the museums cost a per of 30 shéquels .
israel in figures
in 2012 they israel more of three million of tourists of all the world .
the majority of the from to go the country and rejoin were citizens of ee.uu. , russia , france , germany , italy , uk uk and ukraine .
the promised land , of january to october 2012 , was visited 118,8 thousand ukrainian tourists , amount stretches in a 51 % at same rate the year 2010 , before of the settlement the regime of visa the 9 of february of 2011 .
&quot; the large and powerful &quot; you will to moscow : immigrants scrimp to the language
while members and defenders of the human rights is on the consequences bring the law on the compulsory examination , already have appeared in the timadores country trade with certified false &quot; &quot;
every year , 13 million of migrant workers they to moscow , st petersburg and other cities of russia .
in their majority are citizens of countries of central asia : uzbekistan , tajikistan and turkmenistan .
their only aim is win money to help to their families that have been in home .
since the 1 of december will in force a law , according the which every inmigrante labour must be a examination to check their knowledge of the russian language .
now , this rule is applicable only to those have the intention of work in the sector of provision of services , institutions of services community , domestic services and trade the will .
however , with the time , as promise in the service federal of immigration , the examinations will obligatory to all the immigrants .
also , not will enough with holding the examination of the language , if not also the of russian history and the of foundations of the legislation .
the knowledge of the language must confirm even to receive and renew the permit of work .
are exception citizens of the countries where the russian is the official language .
not will subject to this law the people succeed obtain their certified of education and qualifications before of the dissolution of the union soviet in 1991 .
usefulness , misfortune and defence of the rights
the network of examinadores centres will under the institute of russian language pushkin , the university of the friendship of the people , the university state of moscow , the university state of st petersburg and other institutions of higher russian education .
the immigrants will stand to the evidence in all the cities , now same in russia are open more of 160 centres of this kind .
the initiative on the introduction the examination was supported the members of the duma state and the service federal of immigration .
but the defenders of the rights , much before of that the law implemented in force , succeed many times do this question to the press : and what will this in reality ?
what changes bring the nature the knowledge of the language , therefore to the russians as to the themselves migrant ?
in first place , they the representatives the service of immigration , this will reduce the number of people suffer &quot; slavery labour &quot; .
a people about today on the defence of the rights of the immigrants labour , explains vittorio sebelev , head of the representation the service federal of immigration of russia in tajikistan .
the defence of their rights must before of their starting .
only a system of organised selection will resolve the problem of the migrant workers in a 90 % of the cases .
the problems have the immigrants profession , education , the not know the language or spend the medical control .
the understanding of the language , says sebelev , the immigrant future be condemned to find unscrupulous people , with the pretext of help , you put a viajecito &quot; paid &quot; to a horrifying and close covacha , where he and dozens of others as he consume for months food or documents , working of 12 to 14 hours the day .
we a explanations of complaints of our immigrants .
&quot; in their homeland them promise a thing , but to come are unaware , them are of their passports , not them paid the wages are &quot; , confirms the head of the direction of immigration labour the service of immigration of tajikistan , tolib ruslan .
¡ not enoje , jefecito !
however , while therefore many citizens of the republics of asia central want work in russia recognise that not only not know the language the country the that seek go , but also in their own language escriben with difficulty .
course , this not is so their fault but their own unfortunately : are few the outer , uzbecos , tayikos be be the luxury of receive primary normal education .
this must to that their families even not have nothing that give of feed to the children , not speak already of vestirlos , calzarlos and comprarles what necessary to the school .
the come to the adolescence , these boys safeguarded to work to the first opportunity .
is difficult , if not know the language , recognise them .
&quot; one feel scottish and less &quot; .
however , in what as to the law on the language , the defenders of the rights guarding a important point .
the examinations will to out only to those immigrants whose status be legal .
if not have that status , not will or examination and , in result , no official work .
while therefore , the majority of the migrant workers are living in russia illegally .
&quot; or outside the step to strangers &quot;
many visitors claim that receive the official status in our country not is so easy .
the cause is in the bureaucratic obstacles and in the difficulties of the language in itself .
also , the legalisation costs money : of twelve thousand to sixteen thousand rublos .
however , a for false can do quickly and only thousand over rublos .
the employees of the russian police know that generally have false documents , not are eighty and receiving the cases of extortion .
&quot; we they hundred or at rublos to cigarette or té &quot; , a to the journalists the citizen of tajikistan , umed hushkadamov .
&quot; we , not seas tacaño , bought a paint &quot;
the first day of the entry in force of the law on the language , of which that not only the documents of registration of immigrants can be false .
several certified false &quot; &quot; of knowledge of the language already have been fake officials the service federal of immigration .
the falsified documents had been parental in standard impresoras of colour .
course , came to the hands of the new owners not as gift : every inmigrante , queriéndose facilitate the task of to the evidence , paid the document seven thousand rublos .
this is two times and half more expensive the official procedure of examination , cost the honest immigrant three thousand rublos .
the main task to a next future is protect the system against the corruption to that the &quot; qualifications &quot; not be buy , convergen the officials the government and the defenders of the rights .
to the time , the authorities can promised to the migrant workers not would been to with success the examination the first time more time to look the basic course of the language .
also , to the immigrants not speak russian them help jobs not require active communication with the people .
the ministry the interior not take measures down against the illegal trade of weapons
the percentage of crimes committed with weapons in is quite small
the ministry the interior proposes apply the law with greater in relationship to the owners of weapons of civil use .
this is the reaction the government to the recent incidents : apretar shots for festivities of weddings in the fortunately not there victims , and the massacre generated the protestant lawyer dostoevsky vinográdov , in the apretar seven people lost the life .
the police want ban the use and the possession of traumatic weapons in public places and raise the minimum age to the obtaining of licence to portar weapons , of 18 years to 21 years .
this idea was supported the visitors the committee of the duma in on of security and fight against the corruption , irina yarovaya , who promised that the reforms in the law on the possession weapons will of to the duma the state in a next future .
not all feel overall with the fact of that the russian authorities are trying of counter this problem one the political &quot; of hard hand &quot; .
in the network has appeared a open letter , whose authors , representatives of various social organisations of marksmen , are that desista of such measures of &quot; rigurosidad sense &quot; .
the percentage of acts of destructiveness with use of weapons in is minimum , a the service of news bbc of russia , the criminalista lawyer vasiliy lésnikov .
that statistics the ministry the interior , for six months the year 2012 were 142 crimes with use of weapons of ceasefire in in organs the interior , with the total of 1168 crimes registered to this same period .
the authors of the open letter are sure of that a legislation more strict in the sector of weapons of civil use not will a disadvantage to that the criminal contribute the black market .
now , according their words , in moscow can find any weapon to low price .
while therefore , in the ministry the interior says that the situation of the proliferation of illegal weapons is under control .
suppliers : since factories to uniforms
the black market of weapons relies to through of several channels .
the main channels are years , says the retirado colonel vittorio baranets , who for ten years worked in the ministry of education and in the high state army .
trapping of screen the website website accept orders of weapons
the first , &quot; foothold the faction or military &quot; , is say , the weapons were robadas for the military actions in the caucasus .
&quot; the weapons were hurtadas the official russians and the same caucásicos &quot; , says baranets .
the next kind of &quot; arma black &quot; , the robadas criminals and representatives of the forces of security .
baranets explains that here include the hurtadas weapons of the stocks of the police and those robadas directly officials of the organs of compliance of the law .
the illegal weapons are to the sale since the military resentment .
in many military resentment to often had explosions .
&quot; there unsubstantiated versions of some fires were damages premeditadamente to cover the lack &quot; , observing a exmilitar .
according baranets , the manufacturers of weapons also are their part of bit .
&quot; now have proliferating private factories of weapons not are competitive in the international market and distributed weapons under be the black market , including the of moscow &quot; , says the expert .
a source more the black market is the smuggling .
britain amount of pistols and machine come of poor countries as kyrgyzstan .
&quot; there have with their own production , to times notions , and has have a mafia has organised the flow of weapons &quot; , explains the former military .
of where come the weapons ?
the experts have calculated what is the participation working of every one of these sources of supply of illegal weapons the black market .
a report on this issue was produced in 2011 the centre of analysis of problems and planning of the public management .
the specialists carried reports the ministry the interior and of rosstat , criminológica bibliografía and data of public access of portals whose temática about in on to the weapons .
the great majority of the illegal weapons , according the researchers , come of the armed forces and of the forces of security .
the half of the weapons the black market has come there &quot; fault of officials whose work is related with the weapons &quot; , says in the report .
according the researchers , the 17 % of the weapons come of places where there armed conflicts , the 14 % of the cases condemn for the production of weapons and the 5 % is to the &quot; illegal site &quot; .
the dependent of one of the shops of weapons , asked that their name not it mentioned , says that the overall weapons illegal excavadores not bought nobody since ago already a time because are too old .
more to often , says , the suppliers encounter to military stocks when need a starting .
to through of some alférez , the supplier bought a unit , example a gunpoint tt .
the removed the registration and the spend above of the fence .
&quot; éste has the weapon to the city and the sold to 900 eur unit with two &quot; chargers , we has
&quot; but , course , the police this the therefore of all the affairs , regular , when there that comply the plan of discovery of crimes , doing purchases of test to the their of illegal weapons &quot; , adds the dependent .
&quot; as in a boutique of luxury &quot;
the vendor and the buyer usually is to through of known .
&quot; visited pages website and portals to that a kind i proposed that outside to the platform &quot; begovaya &quot; , where would a man i would to a &quot; esquinita &quot; where could negotiate .
strategic price the weapon , i did only there &quot; .
military comentarista viktor baranets
&quot; to get a weapon need a friend have contacts &quot; , says the dependent of the shop . &quot; have a friend , but not i much in he &quot; .
in the markets there sellers , but there also has that come , say &quot; of part the sr. ivanovih , asked that you i that you had fallen a teeth to their daughter &quot; .
even can get a couple of manoplas of steel to through of a person of confidence .
he also i supplies only to me because know that not you i to delatar .
the job are weapons of different ways .
the former military viktor baranets to test in the role of buyer of illegal weapons to in of the years 1990 , when were to publish a article on this issue .
the frames , according their words , not have changed .
you boarding a borrell of photos where not had &quot; of all &quot; .
&quot; i felt as in a boutique of luxury &quot; , reminds the military .
the buyer , according words of baranets , not you are wording hare : all what there can prove .
i , as potential client , not only buy ; we with the vendor the forest , where our a white .
&quot; i are the opportunity of shoot and when i tell of that the weapon labelling well , started to negotiate &quot; , describes the procedure the expert .
shop of televisions
the engines of search website gets to websites and groups of &quot; vkontakte &quot; , where offers buy weapons &quot; to different poettering &quot; .
to this not required no document or personal events .
&quot; is enough have a certain amount of money &quot; , challenge in the titulo the activities &quot; advertising buy a gunpoint or a dog &quot; .
there the users do their orders and are questions .
and are to under of age ?
&quot; permit , course &quot; , question the user &quot; iván &quot; ( those conservada ) .
&quot; buy gunpoint tt . moscow &quot; , lacónicamente raises their question &quot; fedorenkov &quot; .
the service federal of security has created a huge network of websites fake website and trapping to two hands to those want buy weapons of ceasefire .
and the people is , as fish man to the flash , and then , to draw coal in siberia
military comentarista and exmilitar viktor baranets
i heard speak of these systems : what general , the website website is other would the reach of the russian laws .
the people ago the orders .
the buyer do the payment to through of a automatic cash .
&quot; in answer , you send a photograph and the instructions to will where is hidden the weapon &quot; , tracing the secretary of press of the ngos &quot; the right to the weapons &quot; , dmitri kislov .
viktor baranets says that if ago a they in line , one is weapon and their in the prison .
the service federal of security has created a huge network of websites fake website and trapping to two hands to those want buy weapons of ceasefire .
&quot; and the people is , as fish man to the flash , and then , to draw coal in siberia &quot; , says he .
makarov 100 dollars
in the buying of weapons of illegal ceasefire , according the experts , one can spend of 100 to 900 dollars .
according dmitri kislov of the ngos &quot; the right to the weapons &quot; , a gunpoint makarov can acquire 100-300 dollars .
must wait a month and half .
is sent since the military stocks the heads of senior average .
of agreement with the official statistics the ministry , in compared with the period enero-octubre of 2011 , the total number of these crimes in russia reduced in a 7 % , what is 22.900 , and the number of cases at of theft and extortion of weapons , weapons , explosives and explosivos artefacts shrank in a 7,8 % .
are in strike the employees of restaurants of quick food and supermarkets in ee.uu.
to a quarter part of american adolescents are their first jobs as cash in &quot; mcdonald &apos; at &quot;
in the last days , in the states united has initiated a wave of protests against the low wages paid in the supermarkets of the manoeuvres walmart and in restaurants of the popular chains of quick food , such as &quot; mcdonald &apos; at &quot; , &quot; burger king &quot; , &quot; taco bell &quot; , &quot; wendy &apos; at &quot; and &quot; kentucky fried chicken &quot; .
now nobody failed to count if will or not this wave to the nine points , or if has aimed lose forces and amansarse in their first stages .
the actions of protest have with the support of the trade and of a series of ngos of left .
also the increase of the modest higher wages the workers of walmart and the system of quick food , the aim of the organizers of the protests is the creation of trade of workers in these companies .
now , this sector of the economy virtually not has been he the movement trade .
forty and six cents the year ?
the actions started the last week , after the day of action of thanks , the called &quot; friday black &quot; . that day , in states united coomenzaba the orgy of cheap fished to million of inhabitants , and that to times was accompanied of clashes .
that day , some workers of the manoeuvres walmart , employs to 2,2 million of people in the world , abandoned their jobs of work and formaron guards of protest with to the trade and activists of left in the shops of the manoeuvres , whose products encounter to people of modest income and moderates .
walmart sold of all , since pañales , rifles of hunting and batteries to cars , even aspiradores , eggs and milk .
the products in their shops are of average between a 8 % and a 27 % more cheaper that the of the supermarkets more large .
is that that many workers paid of walmart buy only in the work .
the availability and the choice of products have done of walmart one of the corporations more large of america .
according the words two critics , walmart can afford the luxury of sell products to very under price , in part because paid little to their workers .
these last also complain of the poor conditions labour , such as the lack of montacargas or scanners of hand .
that &quot; friday black &quot; the participants of the demonstration being the increase of wages and complained of that the cost the safe of health provided the manoeuvres happened of 30 to 100 dollars per .
to a typical worker of walmart , receives 9,5 dollars time , this expenditure is excessive , said .
scientists of the university of california in berkeley argue that if walmart is the average wage to 12 $ time , this you cost to the manoeuvres 3,2 billion of dollars .
this is approximately a 1,1 % more of what spent in wages now .
if walmart put the increase wage in the shoulders of the consumers , every visit to the shop them will only 46 cents more expensive .
in a year them will the ridiculous amount of 12,39 dollars more of what spent now .
the who of walmart spread satisfied that the protest had place so only in nine states and that not was no loss to the manoeuvres .
the &quot; friday black &quot; prolonged in their shops since the 8 of the afternoon the thursday to the midnight the next day and , for that time , walmart marketed around of 5000 second articles .
in total , their high boxes held the &quot; friday black &quot; almost 100 million of transactions .
the representative of the company , they fogelman , declared in a interview the website website of left huffington post , was their since of work least &quot; of five &quot; employees of walmart and that the protest not had been more &quot; another trick of public relations &quot; , organised the union of workers .
&quot; ¡ free box ! &quot;
the protests continued this week in new york , in the the objectives not were precisely the large stocks walmart ( in this progressive city not them have love , and that now not there none ) , but the &quot; mcdonald &apos; at &quot; and other cheaper restaurants .
¡ mcdonald &apos; at says that sold thousands of million of pieces , and then or even you located the lower disease and not you paid your work honesto !
jumaane adige , member the council he of new york
currently , of agreement with the federal law and the of new york , the minimum wage is of 7,25 $ time .
the restaurants of quick food what will increasing with the time , but only slightly , and of average , the ordinary workers receive in new york 8,90 dollars time .
nobody earns least them in this city .
how is possible survive in new york with that money , to me is something incomprehensible .
there a time when almost the quarter part of the american adolescents become the mcdonald &apos; at and worked there , behind of the desks , to time about after of the school , although still living with their parents .
few were the pretended this as the main source of income or planearan populations there a time .
now , constantly tropiezo in some interviews with workers of mcdonald &apos; at complain of that have that live of this wage , and to times even to to their children .
another hand , in a forum of the magazine wall street journal there a comment whose author that is irresponsible have children if not know with what them of feed .
the participants in the protests , that started to the 6 : 30 of the morning the thursday in the mcdonald &apos; them of the 40th street and madison avenue , being that to the cash and cooks of quick food them start to pay what least 15 $ time , or be , that them is their minimum current wage .
also being that in the sector of the quick food believe trade of workers .
the law of the ee.uu. prohibits to the impedirles administration this right and punish to the activists the movement trade with tricks and redundancies .
another part , rarely time the administration them facilitates the life .
but , objective reasons , is easy that the trade abarquen the sector of rápid food .
one of the main is the excessive rotation the staff .
discordantes
ruidosas protests had place that same day in other cheaper restaurants of manhattan .
the culmination of the action had place to half the rally in the mcdonald &apos; at it closely of times square , in the took several demócratas local politicians , in particular the member the council he of the city jumaane adige , said : &quot; mcdonald &apos; at says that is sold thousands of million of pieces , and then or even you a hospital or you paid your honest work &quot; .
the demonstrators received the support of other leading democrats of new york , example the candidate to mayor of the city philips of blasio , said that &quot; must support to the workers the sector of quick food to that overriding receive fair wages and the economic prosperity deserves every neoyorkino &quot; .
as what described the newspaper new york times , this has been the greater demonstration of this kind in the american history of the quick food .
but in it took only a few hundreds of people , even not all them were employees the service of quick food , in the trabakan tens of thousands of people of new york .
still not is clear if this will of keg to cause a massive movement .
&quot; now , is the brain not is so easy &quot;
the issue of the reality increase , so popular between the sports to the modern technologies , recently is with normality mainly to through the prism of special glasses .
to beginning the summer , in their annual conference google proved a model in movement and subsequently , in november , was that microsoft had have also a request to obtain the much patent .
however , of a conversation with the head the group of interactive technology 3d in the laboratory of microsoft of cambridge , izadi sharamom , dilucidó that to the scientists of that company , the glasses already been to a last stage .
to them them attracts the perspective of the manipulation of online items in the air with the naked hands and the creation of online open areas .
- favour , in general terms , what is the subject of study of their group of research ?
- we are to the persona-ordenador interaction , but also try of broadened the limits of this interaction .
now the humanity in their great mass has been trapped in the stage of work with the píxeles of the flat screen , to times is with the finger .
but us want look 5-10 years forward and intend the changes winds in this interaction .
example , the games xbox and the sensors kinect represent a step forward and today in day no xbox sold kinect , already to all them is the control gestures .
- what more we be the future ?
- to despite of that kinect has taken the interaction the physical level , great part of this still happens in a flat screen , to times in 3d .
the introduction of information has improved ( the system receives more ) data , and the exit still not is very good .
are trying of change this , work in systems of nigh truly tridimensionales , based in different technologies , including the of design .
must release the world of the conclusion the our , the physical , do more tangible .
to this , however , is necessary recognise not only the user , but also the space that .
then we complete the real world with online items of a way more comfortable .
in first place , ¡ just pan with these stupid helmets of virtual reality !
- what think you on the control voice ?
a detail very popular , but not believe that sobreestiman ?
- course that not you can be a panacea , is outstanding of resolve the question of privacy , already not always want the others are of our actions and intentions .
of done , all the types of interaction with colleges are good , but every one in their own field .
example , to the control of equipment in public places , had a project in the we in the gestures , but not in loose movements , but more short .
also , the gestures were every not the house the recording , but a is risen the movement of the bones and the muscle .
now is very large , but in theory can be small the size of a clock of is .
but , in general , the future is to a kind combined of control , example of gesture + voice .
- how is that ?
- example , how i would you that you ask this ha of soda ?
you shall and the bring at same time .
- normally i only i .
- oh , that is to be very difficult of recognise .
- or be , you want force to the users to adapt to what can or not can do in this time the machine ?
- not necessarily , but is a mutual libya .
i that in a next future we to have that work mainly in the design of new types of sensors be determine with precision reactions of the person .
these can be , example , sensors radiation , already provide a good resolution in depth , what is very important .
- if we of their work with the sensors of xbox kinect , what complaints has you of the modern chambers ?
them missing resolution , depth or something more ?
- in principle , the current generation is what can be the start of our work with the tridimensional recognition .
course , would good obtain 8 megapíxeles to the speed of 1000 fps .
but the question not is in the megapíxeles , but in the quality of the parent and in the depth .
since this last point of view , all the current technologies not are what enough good to us ; this more work to the designers of algoritmos .
or be , that have that remember not only the resolution in the themes x and y , but also in z.
also is important the speed , the number of second tables .
the human movements are quite dynamic and the current of 30 fps are truly scarce , on all to the gestures .
steven bathiche , of our laboratory in redmond , was a bonnet of contact with ajustable retardo of prosecution of 1 to 100 ms and be mention that the modern sensors produced in series are more closely the second value ( 60-100 ) .
not all the world understand in what measure this affects to the hombre-máquina interaction .
to me i would very useful to my work a equivalent of as recording , but that not take contact to that the second tables are more .
- and not is necessary increase the number of chambers ?
- the kinect has now three &quot; chambers &quot; , one of the which is of fact the an of optical rays and the second the recipient of the signal has .
but the third house is in reality a simple bonnet the visible diapasón .
this not used to determine the depth the subject .
potentially , more amount of chambers could resolve the problem ...
or the otherwise , increased and play the amount required of side .
would good create a similar flexible of kinect , playing with the cucumbers of location of the chambers and see how this help to determinr the tridimensional position .
- what i i , microsoft , to difference of google , not has have their glasses the public .
not you seems that , since the point of view the use every of technologies of reality increase , the glasses are one of the platforms more greater ?
- course , to all the member is in high a intelligent telephone in the hands , not is very comfortable , but i i : the best option would a reality increase transmutable &quot; &quot; when , in basis of a platform of cloud , you could to of the glasses the intelligent telephone ,
the glasses are dispositivos very personal , in that is their force ( the private things only you will ) , but also their weakness : a reality increase based in glasses not you will work on online items with with other people .
- russian a time that the manipulation of holográficos online items in the air is available not only to tony stark of the film &quot; iron man &quot; , but also to any simple deadly .
there a problem in this idea the critics usually point : ¡ not there táctil answer !
¡ the hands not feel nothing !
what answers for their group to this challenge ?
- in my conferences to often say that the reality increase is the seventh just in the interaction between the man and the machine .
i that the eighth well could be the addition of táctiles sensations .
while therefore , one of the grist more interesting is the use of the second hand in quality of aid to the image .
¡ has the you perfectly !
but there also technologies are truly global to provide tangibilidad to these &quot; images in the air &quot; . example , the interference of several ultrasónicos rays targeted to a specific point where is the finger a similar feeling to the one feel if someone as soplándole in the yemas of the attitudes , but feeling still is very weak .
there also pulseras to the jailer have in the nerviosas terminaciones of the attitudes , this also a promising direction .
- has with of is the brain ?
hacerle think that he feel what seems that should feel in the time in is something ?
- that is a good idea , still not have tried .
here is another challenge with the will that fight for a time , how do that a person physically within in a space very small creates is to a open space , almost end . are working also in the idea of the tapes of cause ( not as the of the gyms ) , mobile platforms , as the of the gigantes flair .
now , is the brain not is so easy , still there that work for many years .
that is what ago order the work with the virtual reality to the researchers , many things are in a state of total view .
will personal somewhat in place of culture - rosbalt.ru
&quot; rosbalt &quot; continues the project &quot; vanguardismo of st petersburg &quot; , dedicated to the citizens are ahead , to the forefront the art and of the culture .
in this list of the best are illustrious figures the art and the scene of st petersburg , whose achievements they more beyond of the city : to often are recognition in europe that russia knows even .
the new hero of &quot; rosbalt &quot; is the extravagante artist kirill miller .
all the city known to kirill miller , a barbudo man a of red of down from , the that can find closely the russian museum , closely the garden of summer or in meetings of fashionable and inauguraciones .
the tables of kirill miller always get to multitudes , where wants that displayed .
kirill miller is one of these cuentistas purely sociofilósofos of st petersburg , policy of new mitologías .
kirill miller is a brilliant representative the vanguardismo of st petersburg of end of the 80 - principles of the 90 .
also , is a urban man , whose emergence in the streets of the city meeting in the inhabitants smiles and suspended to all the state of mind .
recently , took in their hands a organillo and became in the organillero of st petersburg , already has grown to do so difficult role , their bohemia existence , their philosophy and their image .
- kirill , what are the city a of red and not of amarillo or turquesa , example ?
- elegí the colour red because am leather of fashionable and i am to the appearance and to the image .
in this world , the red colour is a compromise between the artist , the policy of images and the society .
although in the society , all what not be a little grey for aggressiveness and inevitability of properties good nothing .
but my simplified are particular to that be a conversation .
all the history of my provocativas actions are a invitation the debate .
- when comprendiste that debías be you ?
- in a statement the palacio of culture nevsky , where paraded my jobs .
i realised account of that that was my way .
then the wave of old artists not official had over , and the new , free as i , were still incomprendidos .
i did friend of artists of the new wave , with the subsequent to the were in gaza and nevskiy , was to &quot; pushkinskaya-10 &quot; , and already is the new wave .
i sumí in the theatre the clothes , the music of all the issues , but not the you .
- and all this juntó in your clinic of art ... - to me was important encontrarme in the cultural centre of st petersburg , where be put the best creative minds .
in 1995 , held a territory in pushkinskaya-10 and there , while not had reforms , took a artistic musical club , a bohemian club , the home of the bohemia of st petersburg .
many born there : noms , tequila jazz , i the way in schnur brought the project to &quot; the eartag of van gogh &quot; .
schnur and their friends cantaban small songs under fonograma , vestían meagre trousers , between them was the currently composer of fashionable igor vdovin .
when the group started to play in alive , became in &quot; leningrado &quot; .
trachtenberg was animador of many programmes before of the times of hali-galivskih .
them we to trachtenberg and was the start of their great career ; basic education and training received of us .
gallery &quot; d 137 &quot; , the &quot; club griboyedov , are the remains of the clinic the art .
there would our employees and customers notoriously .
i a hero the last century , when the culture mean something .
in the year 2000 , the survey was in the press , the prize was &quot; the people of our city &quot; .
in the nomination &quot; artist the &quot; year i elected i , completed my culmination .
in these new times not is comfortable work ; i am a man the that you like the truth , the honesty and the culture the last century .
in our times is easy done popular , but the culture and the popularity will separate . one can be popular but very little degree .
- there in your jobs recognisable something .
- many of my paints are hits , in them expressed clearly the today and the influx .
i to do a statement agenda , &quot; the russian museum in buffoons &quot; .
the buffoons are a timeless category .
i before was her , but now be is painful and other .
but in the buffoons all embadurna and the tragedy would .
i love what grotesque , have grotesque ideas .
example , the salvation the world by a totalitarian change and compulsory of clothes .
now to one are the clothes , orientándose in what external , but not in the interior of the person .
and , as time to person not you should or give the hand , but escupirle in the face .
and the deception will when change of clothes .
- ago little you saw in the role of urban organillero . - a culta city must have a hero .
¡ who best that i to become !
- well but , to what best the commercial art can be too ?
- now the commercial art must be careful , fresh , have you .
are being witnessing of the disintegration of the cultures .
before the people agrupaba in tb , the bohemios wanted a thing , the simplones others .
now all have divided in microcomunidades , is difficult please to all .
not am a ticket of hundred dollars to gustarles to all .
now there that think to who love favoured .
now , every hero of degree has their 100 fan .
- ¡ and to listen to stas mikhailov they thousands !
- will to seen areas , there works the sexo-social sphere .
and to a cultural event will 300 people , 10 thousand never come . as result , least management , least money , all marchita .
have to my fan , what more important is not engañarlos , not spoil to lose what agree achieved .
when was young was such tables a coleccionista tenia your in the wall the hand of falk and larionov .
i started with paints , with the what general the people stops .
now to often who the concepts .
say spiritual culture , culture of consumption .
not there no culture in the consumption , that is another history .
i am a man of the culture of yesterday , crecí under the example of artists living in the poverty and died in the poverty , obstruct the money only to paint tables .
i am to favour of this culture .
- kirill , what is what you missing to st petersburg ?
- experts in culture .
there a concept : official of the culture .
but not all them can deal to the culture .
when the on were the right all was of another way , the on as time not showing very well the culture , but knew was necessary keep to the right experts .
in moscow now there very good consultants .
have people in st petersburg that well could be experts , but are closed , because need experts to a higher level that nevertheless correctly to they and them open way .
now is prosperando the will personal somewhat .
what same erarta , but difference is that them say honestly that not all the modern art is daring , there some artists have that seek other museums .
- what is to you st petersburg ?
- st petersburg not is a cultural capital . in moscow there need more culture , there there ground .
but on our stones is difficult that the art grow .
need cultural ground and have now more writers that readers , this is .
in europe there a lot of people with curious that is to exhibitions and concerts .
in our case , this class is tiny .
have that do that the art is of fashionable , as what was to beginning the last century .
the project implemented with a subsidy of st petersburg .
give to light in the space
the land is in danger .
global warming or clash with a asteroid murderer .
tailbacks of vessels space with human to board proceed in search of a planet of spare .
to keep the humanity ago the main question : how continue kind in conditions of etc or in the same planet of spare ?
i that there little where choose .
of done , only two are real planets can be colonizados , the least hipotéticamente .
&quot; these are venus and mars &quot; , says the researchers head the institute astronómico state , sternberg p.k. ( iaes ) , vladimir surdin .
but if the conditions in mars are best to the life , in the surface of venus the temperature is of 500 degrees .
only can live to large altitudes or in the about of venus ... in the space .
started to address the problems of reproduction in the space with the flora .
ago already half century were to out experiments with plants .
four generations of cultivados peas in about not differed in nothing of the very varieties .
after was the rearing of insects in the about , small sledgehammer of the fruit , the drosófilas .
in 1979 submitted the space eggs of codorniz to check how develops the embryo in conditions of etc .
obtenemos as result a normal polluelo .
but then start the problems .
&quot; the problem is in that this polluelo has that find support , must is on their own feet and start to get &quot; , explains vladimir sychev , the director the laboratory the institute of problems biomédicos ( ipbm ) of the academy of sciences of russia .
the not find support , the polluelos by volteretas the gambling .
and after of 10 hours in the babies was a total atrofia of the enjoyment .
the polluelos not react to the light or the audio .
and the unfortunately was that the out of four days simply died .
&quot; and two times we that born the polluelos , but then stop because was impossible work there with them &quot; , , observing vladimir sychev on failure the experiment with the polluelos in the space .
the last time a &quot; miniarca biological &quot; did to the about was ago 16 years .
in the spring the 2013 continue the experiments .
however , in the biosatélite &quot; bion &quot; only travel species of a same sex .
there a experiment with efsa , were settlement the space already with foetuses .
in principle , not found sobrenatural nothing .
&quot; this was precisely in the biosatélites , but this was a only experiment , and studies as this must be to out &quot; , observing vladimir sychev .
after the landing , the efsa space had offspring .
however , still not has managed address the problem of the reproduction directly in the space .
is a difficult challenge .
the animals , at lose their habitat her , simply not can be their sexual fvo .
the man , however , to difference of the small animals , in principle , can .
the homo sapiens has the abstract reasoning and is capable of create a emotional appropriate fund .
similar experiments not have to out ethical reasons .
but the women travel the space since ago already 50 years .
the greater risk happened tereshkova .
and what more precious has the humanity is the highest agency .
our gaviota flying , and nobody in the land could say : if is after of a flight the space .
will or not have a baby after of this flight .
&quot; after of all , to this question nobody has responded &quot; , observing the contractor the sector aerospace vakhtang vachnadze .
in june of 1964 , only after of a year the flight the space , the first woman cosmonauta , valentina tereshkova , was to light to a daughter .
the father of the girl , andrian nikolayev , was also cosmonauta .
in 1988 , the second woman cosmonauta , svetlana savitskaya , who two times was in about and even worked in the open space , had a son .
however , the risk still .
are few , are writing the astronauts to who after of long flights all them has found well , and a healthy next generation growing .
&quot; and if can say more , is dangerous even in flights orbitales &quot; , like the pilot cosmonauta , hero of the union soviet , hero of russia , valery polyakov .
however , the humanity must seek some new ways in the biotechnology , in the protection radiation , in the creation of the artificial seriousness .
the hidrolaboratorio the centre of preparation of cosmonautas is a compulsory stage in the preparation to the flight .
in conditions of flotabilidad would , the cosmonautas profess their skills of work in the space .
the water simula the etc .
if to a same the water is a comfortable environment , although still hostile , to a newborn child is their element home .
the small hombres-anfibio seem confirm that the life in the land did the ocean .
there a connection between the fact of that the baby has approximately 9 months within of their mother in the amniótico cosmetic , because you will more easy think then the water .
in principle , this is logical , because since the time the birth to the time the first bathing spend only 2 weeks .
&quot; this is very little to forget something &quot; , says marina aksenova , monitora of swimming of babies .
in short , if the etc is a state more natural to a newborn , to the women is necessary the gravitación , the force of the seriousness .
in the etc the abdominales muscle and of the pelvis decrepitan very rapid , the capacity of expulsion the experiments reduces .
well , omitimos that , trusting in the action of estimulantes to the childbirth .
can , course , give to light in a special house , this what empujará .
&quot; and then what ? &quot; , valeri polyakov ago this original question .
another part , the child also needs artificial seriousness .
the feeling of seriousness , the agency not generated the skeleton or the lymphoid system .
to a newborn in about is impossible vestirlo with a special suit to entrenamientos , as to the adults .
simply you time of what is vital to he .
&quot; and this experiment that we to do together , at allow the birth of a child in a strange environment , will place to traigamos to the land to a person , to a person completely single &quot; , is the head the committee of bioethics the institute of biomédicos problems of the academy of sciences of russia , igor pestov .
now , the birth of children in the space is a theoretical question .
however , with the time this will a reality , when the human beings in their vessels reformed to a planet ago will the home to their children babies in the space .
head of nkú : the inspection the system &quot; švarc &quot; not has given with the guilty politician
in on of public tenders , the republic czech has with good inspectors and a legislation of quality , although their implementation cojea .
says ransdorf kala , of of the office of control by ( nkú ) in a interview to aktuálně.cz.
&quot; the law never will perfect &quot; , but their implementation must be right . &quot; this is , in my opinion , what we missing &quot; , describes the current situation .
the joint controls of the inspectors czech and germans also they to similar conclusions .
as example of a wrong practice , mentions the attitude of petr nečas to the system of be be only on the role , known as the system &quot; švarc &quot; .
the first minister said recently that the ( civil party democratic civil ) not molestaría to the employers with inspectors . then , is outside or permitted ?
&quot; the law must be preventive of some way and if prohibits something , in that case , or the president the government can prevent the action of the office has the duty of be these controls or demand obligations &quot; , note kala .
in the meeting of the commission of control in the congress of the members , ud. spoke the common project between the team czech and the german , in the framework the which compared the legislation which to the public tenders in two countries .
what is exactly ?
is of a parallel control are to be ago a two years .
of accurate way : the european legislation regulariza how must organise the public tenders , to this you is the legislation existing in every country and , after , the these in itself .
us have joined all and , although the control still not has completed , have obtained differences very interesting . generally , the legislation of our country is &quot; more strict and more full &quot; , however , the these concrete in some parameters is best in germany .
confirms , because , that not is with integrate rules every time more stricter , but is necessary focus in the implementation of the same law .
what can provide of fact this project ? cuáles believe that are the conclusions ?
precisely a common control of this kind could make to that end of invest efforts in the focus of the laws , the reduction and the improvement of the limits , although this not have a impact so positive .
the economy the savings means get a appropriate thing to a reasonable price ( what not always means that the price be the more low ) to avoid the enrichment and , to the long , the criminal actions .
but not the fact of reduce the limit of the tenders want say that we to that .
perhaps because the system is saturation with therefore &quot; tape &quot; , those want seek failures in the system will do more easily that if the limits maintained so higher as now .
ud. about of the problems of our country with the transfer of the legislation regulates the prácticaa of the public tenders .
how works the system of controls in germany ?
is a analogous office to our nkú or don of another way ?
in how to the offices , as the nkú , there it the bundesrechnungshof ( court federal of accounts ) , with a similar organisation to the our , with a school also , what only is that in their case is structured of a way a therefore different , but in principle both offices evolve also .
also the powers are even a analógas point , however , in therefore germany has a federal organisation , the courts of accounts are even to this level . in this aspect do slightly of our system .
the court federal of accounts ( brh ) only can control the federal money , what here call funds state .
the public funds , are administered the regions and the municipalities , there , in germany , monitored in the court federal of accounts .
in as to the local legislation , is more simpler that the our ?
what general , not i like establish a compared specific data . not however , germany is being a model in some aspects , but not can must with knowledge in what is best .
could be better , example , in as to the quality of the inspectors ?
that safe that not , but , repeat , not i like do this kind of comparisons .
is necessary say that even those countries we as model must do with to a great number of problems .
if not would , not them contribute no benefit cooperate with our office , not believe ?
in as to the legislation of our country , what meant to their office amendment of law on the public tenders ? holding of some way their impact ?
taking in account that the period of validity of this amendment is relatively short , still not has said in the actions of control .
given taking former controls post , is be have with a true delay .
now , is in the process of preparation of the future controls : have initiated a new tool of &quot; detection of risks not economic &quot; , the have done to almost 14.000 public tenders , have been considered . the changes will perfectly reflected here , already modify the limits , rectifican the conditions of some types the process of selection and similar .
as that the adoption of this law is beneficial or , more well , is a patchwork to the bureaucratic system ?
i that this law is surely a step in the right direction and hope that be .
the problem can emerge is that the regulation &quot; strengthened &quot; and that be impossible complying .
already with the previous regulation , the people controlled were linked the contratista ( example , in the case of the operational regional programmes the regional council ) , and every law not respected in on of public tenders mean the violation of the budgetary discipline .
has sense then tighten the law of this way ?
i that not of this way .
the system must be to those want atacarlo or from of he and not punish to those commit a formal failure , not has impact in the process of decisions .
a system of this kind only will create a greater bureaucratic pressure .
and how control of this ?
will to where we has this way started .
the first minister has declared recently that the civil not molestaría to the employers with controls the called system švarc , with reference the fact of be be only on the role . what means this ?
the švarc system &quot; is outside or permitted ?
the law must be preventive of some way and , if prohibits something , then or even the first minister the government can prevent the action of the office has the duty of be these controls and demand obligations .
can say : &quot; cambiamos the law and allowing &quot; , but not can say that do as if nothing .
in the law on the public tenders , the regulation is quite strict in as the way in must act formally . and is as must be to protect public competition .
but , another hand , is tragic that be the candidate with the best supply not comply the formal demands .
the law never will perfect , but their implementation must be right . this is , in my opinion , what we missing .
the roads have numberplates of ice , although in their majority are passable
in several places of the republic czech the roads have numberplates of ice and of snow .
although the majority of the ways are passable , in some must tightened the caution .
region of karlsbad karlsbad
today the morning the roads in the region of karlsbad karlsbad were passable , but made numberplates of ice and of snow .
the temperature falling and incorporate between five and ten degrees under zero . for the day subirán slightly the thermometers .
has left of nevar in the region and in the lowest areas the layer of snow is skating .
in change , in the crestas of the erzgebirge erzgebirge the high snow almost the 30 centimetres .
in some places the visibility was still bad to cause of the fog , according the information the centre of control of operations of the roads of the region .
the quick way r6 and the road of first category in the region are now passable restrictions .
however , should providing the caution , on all in some bridges whose surface can be helada and be resbaladiza .
also , also are passable all the ways of second and third category , including the roads of mountain .
not however , in some of them still there stretches with remains of ice and apisonada snow .
is be increase the attention in the road , on all in the areas more higher .
region of pardubice and králové králové
in some roads of eastern bohemia there danger of frost and in areas more higher and in the mountains can have have a layer of snow in the ways , reports in their pages the direction of roads and motorways .
the workforce of roads notice to the drivers on the danger train numberplates of ice , especially in areas more higher of the region of pardubice .
can starting frost in the vicinity of lanškrouna , ústí lysá orlicí , poličky , svitav or vysokého mýta , and on all in the roads of second and third category .
the roads / 43 and / 34 in svitav have been treated chemically .
there snow especially in the roads of the mountains of krkonoše to orlické hory .
there a layer of apisonada snow in the areas more highest of the roads in the municipalities of rychnov lysá kněžnou and trutnov .
in the area of the eastern bohemia , the sky will today between despejado and partially nublado , rainfall .
the temperatures oscilarán what general between three under zero and a positive degree , soplará a weak wind .
region of pilsen
the roads in the region of pilsen are passable today the morning , although must tightened the caution and will necessary adapt the time .
in the first hours of the morning will frost , the temperatures oscilarán between three and nine degrees under zero .
after of the nevada and the of drop of the temperatures , some ways also could be covered of ice .
in some places the drivers you with fog , but the visibility will progressively .
this is what from of the information the centre of control of operations of roads of the region .
the motorway d5 is transitable almost restrictions , although should providing the caution , on all in the way between the kilometre 80 and 131 .
the surface of the majority of the roads of first category is dry and ice .
in the area of the road of pilsen and tachov border with germany can have stretches with numberplates of ice .
the ways of second and third category are wetlands , what , in this case , also means of stretches with numberplates of ice .
the drivers should be more careful , especially in the least crowded ways in the area of šumava .
region of olomouc
the drivers reformed to the areas more higher of the region of olomouc you with snow partially being .
after the treatment chemical , still became snow in the port of červenohorské and in the way in direction to kříž videlský .
the workforce of roads wiped the snow for the night ; in the road of šumper acumularon a three centimetres of snow , according the administrators of the ways .
in the rest of the region , the majority of ways are passable restrictions .
&quot; in the areas more highest of the road of šumper , are remains of snow .
the drivers in the port of červenohorské you with average snow being in direction to jeseník &quot; , has confirmed today a operator of the administration of roads of šumper to the čtk .
on the ground and of night did to the jesenická also their colleagues and , after the treatment chemical , the runway of the areas more highest are now despejadas and wet .
in the road of olomouc the ways are passable restrictions , in the of šternberská the drivers should drive with caution in the stretches forest , where the ways are be wetlands .
region of ústí lysá lysá and region of liberec
the operators of the roads the north of bohemia have informed on complications in different stretches to first time of the morning .
apart of some places in the has snowed or pisa , according the basis of data of the police the road of mountain between telnice and knínice in the region of ústí lysá lysá is closed .
the temperatures are under zero , even in the areas more lowest , what the ice and the snow obviously there in the road . in change , in the areas more lowest , especially in the east the macizo central czech , not there problems and the roads , what general , are dry .
the mmento not have reported complications of service .
the operators of roads have your of the presence of ice in the investigators of štětí .
according the meteorólogos , the conditions have been ideals for the night . for the day expected rain and snow is and the night the sky will despejado and will ice .
since the general roads have announced unfavourable conditions in the road / 13 , in the border between the region of ústí lysá lysá and liberec .
the road between telnice and knínice had that be off the bush of the trees had arqueado on the way with the weight of the snow .
šimon ornest : in our concerts want earned positive energy
says that in least bit of a month is to come the end the world , what view on this ?
only is a of between so other alarmist news to the we like agarrarnos .
the group of music the tap tap we like more well do jokes on this and we like say that are the only group of music the world that manages put enough positive energy to postpone the end the world or to prevent .
also , in organizáis december a project really original : three concerts against the end the world .
can explain to our readers ?
is of a beneficial act state have organise since ago two years .
we we to take the potential of marketing has the end the maya timetable worded to the 21 of december to the 11 : 10 of the morning .
the previous day , the 20 of december to the 21 hours , will 3 simultaneous concerts in prague , brno and ostrava .
standardise approximately to the same time in the stops the maya timetable in the island kiribati , in the ocean pacific , 12 hours ahead of our explainable area .
to who you happened this idea ?
initially was idea my , after were forjando the project all together with our leather honza augusta .
also of to put enough positive energy and avoid the end the world , also want think , with with the society , on the state in we the world to our children .
with occasion the end the maya timetable also have created a only series of articles : you , parcel , overflows and original llaveros against the end the world that can advertised in www.e-tap.cz , another way of apoyarnos .
the group the tap tap , with with other interpreters , also sung the called anthem against the end the world , has title &quot; end the world , cancelled &quot; .
currently is very popular in youtube , will hear in the concerts through ?
course that , and will just the last , good , always all have well and not which the world ...
the cantarán all the interpreters the same time in the three concerts .
the himnos enlazarán between itself simultaneously thanks to the special broadcasting in direct in the television czech .
tomáš hanák has written the lyrics of this song and belonging the role protagonista of jesus in the videoclip , where also is xindl x ...
how did this cooperation ?
work together even with other personalities of the cultural scene czech , apart of organise many acts through and concerts ...
our all our effort in participate in this project .
has shown that to the majority of them them is and them divierte work with us .
to what will the money youngsters in the concerts against the end the world ?
to equipment to the educational centre barriers studeo , have to term in their sixth year running with the civil partnership tap in ústav jedličkův .
the a of the school of jedličkův ústav receive regularly the visit of teachers with the doing entertaining activities and interesting .
the a not have of economic sufficient media to pay to the teachers and we a efuerzo to do possible .
in the framework of the completion of the works in ústav jedličkův , will a independent building the we trasladaremos with this project .
in every concert act several groups and interpreters .
what are the criteria of selection ?
tries draw a programme be order to all the generations , including the children .
example , in prague actuarán chinaski , support lesbiens , illustratosphere with they bárta , the tap tap , marián bango and jiří suchý .
to obtain information more detailed , tell put www.kpks.cz.
you due any another &quot; powerful action similar &quot; in the future ?
in may leave first time in the festival pražské jaro , that here surely preparing a programme order with invited interesting .
the next year also we like play in the bohemian national hall of new york and to me , personally , commend that are in states united , i like explicit with actions in washington and in chicago .
vuestros plans in the abroad not are precisely minimalistas , to now you been example in madrid , brussels , london or moscow .
the tap tap is , not however , a group up people with disabilities .
how is the logistics and the organisation of these travel ?
not is so difficult how can appear to first view .
there five member in wheelchair of wheelchair we , the chairs must travel in the compartment to luggage and also have much weight , the boxes with the instruments ...
however , to now we have managed well . čsa and major british were perfectly ready , thing not is of astonished .
even in moscow , of where have have ago little , went all problems .
thanks to the through the foreign tell compare the different attitudes of the society to the disabled and other aspects .
with what you you found to now ?
in madrid , luxembourg , london and other cities , all works better that here ; in russia have been witnessing of that , in the east , is much way go .
to difference of prague , moscow is full of barriers , there is be often that a person travelling single the centre of the city in a wheelchair of wheelchair we .
something so corriente as is , example , give preference to someone in wheelchair of wheelchair in lift , there not is .
fortunately , has created a civil partnership striving tematizar the problems of the people with disabilities .
in what aspects must take example of countries more progressive ?
there many aspects in the we behind ...
but is important mention that the as and the improvement of the situation always depends of the people to the affects directly .
in london and in madrid is very normal that the people with a serious disabilities travelling their account in public and can go to service , the museum , where wants ...
but not is very common that a great number of people with disabilities be in the social life of active way , in this aspect , with the tap tap ¡ are a bit ahead !
a friendly society or barriers is a thing , but when comes the time in the so eminent athletes , artists , players , politicians or lawyers , start to change all of truth .
to now , are cases isolated of people have a great force of will .
the group the tap tap is currently very popular , but if at a years back , what you was to be the group in 1998 ?
went as educador in ústav jedličkův , where had a young people to my around wanted deal to something .
and since i am musician , toco , between others , the saxofón , fundé a healthier group with a area of work .
and with the time , as says our deal láďa angelovič , we was a bit of the hands ( laughter ) .
however , the popularity not came to these last years , or i am ?
is truth that we helped quite the fact of connecting with famous singers and also work actively to promote the group .
we to the conclusion of that the work not is , is as if not existed .
thanks to the aid of the union european , we eye also improving of quality , equipment , etc.
belong intention of come so far with the tap tap ?
since the principle saw the potential had , that can do something of another way .
the world the entertainment is full of things seem the a to the others .
is logical , to their way , all what new welcomes with caution and long a time in aceptarse .
there few extraordinary things , but i dare to say that the tap tap is one of them .
the impression of someone we is first time is clearly the compassion , is a natural reaction ...
but the compassion is completely superfluous because the people with disabilities not are own beings suffer and of the should have compassion .
there people is capable of live a full life and develop , with the condition , course , of that he of the necessary media .
i always say that if something them control well to people with disabilities , then , not is only a progress to them , but to all the society .
helped the fact of that is ud. a challenging head , as you describes a people ?
if want do a work of quality , have that be rigorous in many aspects and demand a discipline .
i that is completely normal .
some people they with a romantic vision and with the head in the clouds and when hear that have that come two days to experimenting , go to the preparatory test and to a time travelling and in concerts , the initial euphoria them abandon quickly .
but is how works in all parties , in every group want work and get something .
currently the group the tap tap has twenty member .
how of them were already in the beginning the year 1998 ?
only one : láďa angelovič .
are a open group , the people will and control , not can avoid .
who have will and politics will always the open doors
will the day before the expected end the world , the thursday 20.12.2012 to the 21 hours
will place in the incheba bit of prague , in fléda of brno and in plynojem in ostrava and attending 12 groups and other musicians of the republic czech
the three cities conectarán the end of the evening to through of video to announces together the song the group the tap tap &quot; end the world , cancelled &quot;
the aim the concert is put the necessary resources to finance many equipment the educational centre barriers studeo in jedličkův ústav of prague , whose cost amounts to 25 million of billion blatant .
the entry the concert costs 400 czk and the children to 12 years have free entry in the option of early sale in bohemiaticket
poland and the outer .
in the meeting of ministers of the countries of the agency space european held the last week accepted to poland as twelfth member of the esa . is the second country member of the esa the former bloc of europe the this , after of the republic czech , became in full member the 12 of november of 2008 ) .
poland set a intensive cooperation with the esa in the year 1994 and for the subsequent years took in the commission of projects of the agency .
however , the way of poland to the outer began much before .
the enthusiasts poles already fished to the flights the space before of the second war world , although not always had their work .
remember , example , the conference of a. šternfeld in the astronomic centre of warsaw in the , the 6 of december of 1933 , presented their ideas on the study nevertheless &quot; introduction to the cosmonautics &quot; .
the ideas the young engineering newborn ( the 1905 ) was to the indifferent assistants and , years after , šternfeld had that the dr. jan gadomski had been the only had shown interest in their work .
in the year 1934 šternfeld was in france the prize robert esnault-pelterie and andré louis moralist their &quot; introduction to the cosmonautics &quot; .
the doctor jan gadomski ( 1899 - 1966 ) , mentioned previously , became more later in a great drive of the astronomy and of the cosmonautics .
published hundreds of articles in polish journals and wrote a series of books dedicated to this scientific discipline .
gadomski became in a promoter of the cosmonautics , was known in all the world and their contribution to the science was rewarded when their name to one of the cráteres of the hidden face of the moon .
already in the year 1925 was in poland a dresina was to be provista of a engine of rockets .
unfortunately , is who was the author of the proposal and not know the destalles the project .
not is clear if the rocket was to be used to the testing of the dresina or to their quiet .
the information on this dresina limited to the collection in the press of the time .
to from the year 1933 the polish artillery began to deal to the rockets .
the research was funded the komórka techniki uzbrojenia in cooperation with the prof . mieczyslawem wolfkem and prof . gustawem mokrzyckiegim .
to from the material retained , ago clear that the research came the crowd of the practical evidence .
not however , with the arrival of the german troops , was the research .
in the year 1937 am in the press was the example of a missile of fotoeléctrico hunting designed the engineering rohoziński and the next year was published the study &quot; rakieta - powietrzna rakietobomba lotnicza torpeda &quot; , the author leliwa-krzywoblocki .
both projects were for the military use of the engines to rockets .
little before of the war , the committee she scientific provisional ( tymczasowy komitet doradczo-naukowy responsible ) of all the projects of techniques of rockets to military use and coordinaba all the jobs .
the committee was founded in 1937 , but after of two years of activity , was cut the start of the war .
other studies dedicated to the cosmonautics appeared in the polish press after of the war thanks the work of the society igor of astronáutica ( polskie towarzystwo astronautyczne ) .
in the edition of november of 1954 of the magazine problemy ago first reference time to the society with four articles very dedicated to the astronáutica .
in one of them , the prof . m. subotowicze , proposed the creation of a society devoted to the cosmonautics .
in time already had put in projects of artificial satellite and was obvious that the cosmic research was a discipline with prospects of future .
since principles of 1956 the society igor of astronáutica ( pta ) hoped to be part of the international federation of astronáutica ( up in 1951 ) and in autumn of that same year the pta became in full member .
the next year the first president of the pta , kazimierz zarankiewicz ( 1902 - 1959 ) , happened to be the of of the international federation of astronáutica .
occupy this office to their death in 1959 .
to from the 1956 , the pta took of significant way in the development the sonda rocket rm ( rakieta meteorologiczna ) , was a success and became in the first polish rocket in the was to out scientific research .
the first kind rm-1 was completed in 1957 and launched first time the 10 of october of 1958 .
the rocket had a back of 1.800 metres , a 80 cm of length and not receive to the 5 kg of weight .
more later , completed of build the version rm-1a and in summer of 1959 were the evidence airlines of the rockets rm-2 of two stages in the desert of błędów .
the rocket severs 1,4 metres and pesaba a 11,5 kg.
another kind of rocket in development was to be subject of scientific real study . the rocket rm-34 was to have a back of 14,5 km and their mission would control the wind of level .
however , in 1962 were the jobs .
the successor of the first rockets the kind rm was the rocket meteor-1 , was for the years 1962 and 1965 .
diseñó as rocket of two stages , with a total length of 510 cm and a initial weight of 32,5 kg.
proceeded three ( types called meteor-1a , -1b and -1c ) , differed between itself the available space to the scientific equipment .
in the rocket meteor-1a the available space to the volume was of 0,4 litres , in the meteor-1b of 0,34 litres and in the meteor-1c of 0,62 litres .
the fundamental back in the three types was of 37 km.
between the years 1965 and 1968 developed in the institute appraisal the rocket meteor-2 , whose first evidence airlines were in october of 1970 .
the rocket meteor-2 had a initial weight of 380 kg and was capable of to a useful weight of 10 kg to 60 km of level .
subsequently was the version meteor-2h and meteor-3 .
is necessary mention also the entry of poland in the cospar ( open at space roslin ) in the year 1960 and the training the national committee of cospar two years after .
in the framework the programme interkosmos , poland joined to the research the cósmico space on artificial soviet satellite and , in the year 1978 , the polish pilot miroslaw hermaszewski became in the second intercosmonauta after of vladimir remek .
the from of the law on social jobs not is the solution .
the last week the constitutional juzgado suspended the traabajos social law .
the resolution kindled a heated discussion in the society .
since then will interesting look the commission existing since a point of view more broader .
the economic liberal systems in the eu , as in the globalised world , based in the principle of a greater economic competition and least regulation .
in result , this means that the different economic forms and the economic national systems are in permanent conflict between itself .
the cause is in the principle the free trade and the free movement and unlimited of private capital , with with the financial unbridled speculation .
the effect of the large differences in the cost labour ( of the wages ) is economic tensions .
under this concept is necessary understand the situation in the the manufacturer , with the imports of cheap goods , is shorten distances and to this &quot; causes a bajadda &quot; the price the competidor with the aim of done with the greater part the market and , of this way , increase their margin of profits .
to great level means , to the majority of the employers , enterprises the production the foreign , buy there more cheap or well removed . the result is a high unemployment in those countries in the the price the work , in compared with other economies , is more high .
due to that the private capital not has social responsibility no and , with this , not is responsible the unemployment this phenomenon generated , overall necessarily the social expenditure the state .
all this situation being the total guidance of the employers pay taxes and compensate the economic damage and social have caused in their breadth of obtain profits .
the situation is universally so known that not is necessary present data specific statisticians .
the little escrupulosas practices the private capital do situations , in certain economies , in the the governments of these countries are forced to compete with the aim of reduce artificially the social level of the own population and , of this way , attract capital abroad the country .
of another way , the governments are private capital to available of their own population have in account the social decline .
this ago patent on all in the changes of the laws force .
the aim is force to the population to accept the dictated the private capital , on all in what as to the wages .
this has place , a part , by the system of economic duty in the case of unemployment of long an ; one , by the right restringido of the employees in as to rights labour .
the result is a poverty growing with with the increase of the differences between poor and rich .
since ago a series of years , there in germany points of over of food to poor people not can is with their own work .
the number of people receive this kind of aid is already the million .
in the framework the increase of the competitiveness of the german economy , is a case quite often : people employed with a wage so low that the state must pay the rest to come the minimum essential to survive .
was public a scandal of this related kind with the situation of the additional employees the federal german parliament .
the measures of savings of virtually all the states the south of the eu gets , place to doubt , to the same situation . the people , much a abismal decline of their social level , are forced to must as in the nineteenth century or to malvivir with a rotten wage in the limit of the society , with the hope of that some day comes the country capital private investor .
is necessary preguntrarse of where next ?
in the case of that involved of other countries of the eu , then the poverty is of a country to one or not is never , since chinese , encounter , brasileños , turks , moroccans , egyptians or africanos are working a tiny part of a european wage .
this also affects to all america latin .
the liberal theories and the media of communication claim to the evidence the state not should provide capital to the economy , you economy leads to their failure .
the private capital is with nail and nail the base of that the state not should intervene in the economy entrometiéndose in the control .
to continuation , is necessary ask if the private capital not does with their egoism in the political and , therefore , in all the state .
in this case the answer is clearly definite .
the test is the existence of lobbies , in the practice very powerful and curse , in all the states .
the result is a desperate situation holding in the area of the corruption , in the mutual lobbies , in a legislation is virtually reprehensible in all parties but not is criminal .
in germany the situation is the next : the ministries state , to lack of financial media , are the wording of projects of law to legal private companies , the which are to often linked with the industry .
this kind of projects of law are cause after in the bundestag , the german parliament .
of this way , all the power not from the people , as and as is in the constitutions of the western democracies , but of the strong financial groups represent their themselves interests .
is obvious that the democracies with a it liberal are quickly in a situation how the describes appiános in their labour the crisis of the republic roman in times of caesar and pompeya : &quot; the state was desintegrándose time and the administrations held to the force &quot; .
to change of bribery , bad lobbies ilegítimamente and does to finance stones or swords .
the admissions and the corruption spread from no and the people meet to the ballot with the apalabrado vote of advance &quot; ... &quot; not had people with nature aspirara to a since in the administration , a time , to cause of this disorganisation , the state was eight months consuls &quot; ... &quot; began to hears in serious of that the only no to a situation so serious was the autocracy and that was necessary are a man extremely &quot; ... although appiános i in pompeya , caesar by the power and transformed the democracy to always in autocracy .
the conclusion , the same way in the old , is that the current society is in insensitive preferences the individual benefit have in account the common interests .
the private capital not is capable , in their essence , of understand and obtain the profits of all the society .
the result is the same that the of then , a decline of the unprecedented elite , that investigated a effort to energy in depth .
the causes the on of the fascist regimes and communists must words , what therefore , in the unbridled liberalisation of the economic systems in the nineteenth century and the .
with respect to the current situation , is possible be disappearance of these systems in benefit of a democracy of liberal kind , as a break always , to the waiting the next coup .
the fact really demoledor is that the current elite ignores complete the losses of hundreds of thousands in lives , social disasters and humanitarian of the have been witnessing , as the crimes against the humanity , as and as know in the former history and the more recent .
the from of the law on public tenders not is the solution ; the least not to long term .
under pressure of the economic competition , therefore to international level as within of the eu , the government of the republic czech be to to continue for other ways to reduce the social level of the population .
this trend is , what therefore , systemic .
the solution is sociopolíticas specific reforms , strengthen therefore the participation the capital the state as the influence of the citizens in the government and weaken the position of monopoly the private capital in the society in benefit the state .
israel : the laboratory the chaos .
&quot; that nothing comes degradation violence and nothing ever could &quot; ( not arises nothing of the violence and nothing could do ) , sting in their song fragile and whose estribillo does &quot; cleanup &apos; at do not forget fragile how we subjects &quot; ( not we forget of what fragile are ) .
&quot; if my children not is wars , not would no &quot; gutele schnaper , wife of mayer amschel rothschild , in their bed of death in the year 1849 .
after of the last waves of violence between israel and the strip of gaza , have mushroomed , as always , different reactions .
one , the hand of israel , it to favour the right of stun and encasilla to the palestinians in the role of terrorists . the one supports to the palestinians and does racism part the state of israel , genocide by against palestinian arabs and denigrated to israel of terrorist state .
not i that in who is guilty of the massacres are regular and who is the victim . the end and the out , the citizens of today in day of israel , including the false territories , born within of the political current situation and not lived the beginning of the violence .
my intention is offer to the readers a understanding behind the curtain , a understanding to be who is advantage of the tensions prevails since ago 95 years ( calculated to from of the declaration balfour in november of 1917 ) in a small surface of land the average east .
some of my considerations based in historical facts , others in conclusions to the i come on the basis of my own way of understand the issue , on who or what group of people is the drive main of the events of the modern history .
in the history of the humanity the history of the earlier the power is in first class .
in every time we find a great great or a rostopchine .
but what already not is so clear is if always were these individuals the managed their steps of such way or if behind of their iv had someone orientaba their actions to a particular aim .
must accept that live in a time that on the wealth the world in the hands of a few individuals and that to this concentration of money and the power this means , not has been come in a single generation .
of between these families astronómicamente richest emphasised a could be the more prominent ( if still there someone behind , not know , but not may ) : the rothschild .
not says much to closely of them .
course .
in the years 90 the nineteenth century bought the first agency of news ( reuters ) to should of be their name with criminal acts of very seriousness . the power and the wealth , or both , them covered the wall , thing to them always meant a sanctions .
have cautiously important in almost all the central banks the world and in those countries in the not are represented , has declared or is preparing a war : before the attack to afghanistan were 7 countries , after the attack of iraq were 5 , after of bring to gaddafi only they four , but been russia has supeditado the central bank the russian government .
all who has tried speak to this family has combination .
abraham hanging refused to renew the state the central bank bank of america of the rothschild , began for the war of secession to print money and was murdered in 1865 in the theatre .
jfk started to print money and wanted stop the system of federal reserve ( states ) and was murdered in 1963 ; the congresista louis mc fadden was poisoned the year 1936 after of to exceeding to the states have resulted the great economic crisis the year 1929 .
their breadth the global power them was for the years 1859 - 1871 to maintain a plan with three wars world , designed the masón shaw pike , mutual with the degree 33 .
the first war espoused as aim eliminate the monárquicos states in all europe ; the second wanted eliminate the was colonial , especially of britain britain , and the third proposed reduce the population of the land between half million and billion million of people ( such amount of slave to their welfare and luxury would and not consumirían many resources ) , also of the creation of a universal religion ( the ecumenismo not is nothing more that a draft to semejante solution ) and the final adoption of the resounding powers .
the method with the operates the group of the families more richest , with with the rothschild , is the momentum the releasing of crisis and the of offer of a solution ( order ab cao - order to from the chaos ) .
these solutions are , however , flawed , and involved always a in of the situation . if not , is remember that the states was conducts to that not set a crisis as the year 1907 .
, after the success the murder the as the austro-húngaro iv , franz ferdinand , in sarajevo and after of that , to result of this , erupted the first war world , tore the long russia with the start of the revolution against .
the first war world is of makeshift way and unjustified since the point of military view and economic , the capitulation of germany ( the wars to end with the long russia were already unnecessary ) and the of country of the great power of europe central , the empire austro-húngaro .
to preparation the ground of the second war world , allowed that the bankers and politicians created , of bloodless way , a sensitive situation to result of the enormous licence of war imposed on germany , with what were the privileged conditions to the radicalisation of the impoverished mass . subsequently , them was with them to the germans the solution the führer , was what enough strong and simple and puts to culprits , and build after a independent several czechoslovakia nationalities with a strong german minority should represent and was so well the role of the fifth spine , prendió the out and was the outbreak of the war .
the final the nineteenth century , the rothschild impulsaron the foundation the sionista movement , a an hoped to the training of a jewish state , preferably in the region of the former judea with jerusalem as capital ( return the sión ) .
the declaration balfour this previously sit the foundations to the immigration mass of jews to palestine and they the first conflicts with the population arab the place .
were terrorist attacks in both parties .
estalló the second war world : is difficult know if hitler commissioned too of the be to the what had control the international bankers in a principle or if all what was was part of a plan . however , the suffering of the european jews in the camps of concentration was the privileged conditions to the acceptance the jewish state in the global society .
israel was founded officially in 1948 and , of similar way the way in the licence of war imposed to germany emerge the way to the second war world , with the proclamation the state of israel was the spotlight to a third war .
if the international bankers succeed iniciarla , the jewish nation , at as that in the second war world , would in victim in first line of combat , now with with the population arab or , generally , muslim the average east .
israel is a vast laboratory , a machine of solder and chaos , not only in the framework of their country , but also to international level . tomemos as example how into of civilian way the supporters and opponents of israel .
who is guilty and who is the victim in the palestino-israelí conflict ? where injustice engendra injustice in a spiral of next violence , if the start of all was the greed of some individuals and their breadth the global power ?
in this point is necessary distinguish between the inhabitants of israel and their representatives , because , the as is in our country , the international bankers only have to their candidates in the elections .
the current president of israel b. netanyahu is the typical example of fascist politician , single to the international bankers , ago all what possible to wage the war to iran and , considering that iran is member of the organisation of cooperation of shanghai ( china , india , russia , pakistan ... ) , threaten in a in a global conflict and , if have in account that iran controls the close of ormuz , where is the 20 % of all the global oil ( the corridor of navigation has only two miles of wide ) , would to the destruction of the global economy .
under what light are now the words were david rockefeller in 1994 : &quot; what only need is a general crisis and the people will of agreement with a new global order . &quot;
the new global order in their imagination is a world of mr and slave .
a world in the the rest of the population serves to a handful of people form part of the financial aristocracy well acomodada .
a world in the to every new individual you up a chip the been that controls all their be .
&quot; and forced to all , small and large , rich and poor , free and slave , to have a mark in the hand right or in the operating , to not be buy not sell , to not be that will the name of this monster or the figures of their name .
is necessary understand : who have two attitudes of with , that follow the numbers of this monster .
the number signals to the person and this number is seiscientos boat and at &quot; .
film odysseus : if being crude , have to hollywood
in november of 1979 a group of the demonstration of islamist students took the american embassy in tehran and took 52 diplomados as hostage .
their lot in freedom was to be to change the destronado shah mohamed réza páhlevi , the which after of the revolution fled to ee.uu , country had patrocinado their regime for decades .
to the american administration the situation not defend no positive perspective : throwing the shah the borda not could allow , since , if was , put in danger the confidence of their allies in other countries .
but the at in freedom of the hostage in iran , where the revolution had led in the constitution the theocratic regime , not was to their reach .
was a coup the prestige of the states united , subsequently intensified still more with the failed attempt of release to the hostage the force .
the diplomats they were released 444 days after of the intervention negotiating the government of algeria .
in ee.uu. , their destination was a wave of solidarity and bear against iran .
the failure in iran played of decisive way to the defeat of jimmy jimmy with reagan reagan in the presidential elections of 1980 .
the film &quot; odysseus &quot; the director and actor ben affleck tematiza a episode of this history , cosechó a small success to america .
little before of should the embassy , escaped six employees the building .
after of a complicated periplo , ended in the residence of the canadian embassy .
cia , in cooperation with the authorities canadians , managed life of iran , to this helped a backdoor history a extravagante point : got with passports canadians , as member the team film looked the traceability in the country to the making of a person of science fiction .
combination of issues
the plan laid the expert in &quot; exfiltración &quot; toni mendez be the cooperation of hollywood .
to that the lie man true , wrote on the project film in journals towards , organised conferences of press , the society of ficticia production had even a real clearance .
the details on the operation together in secret for a time , the film has done to from of the memories of tony mendez .
the film of affleck is a odd combination of several issues .
a hand , a political realistic thriller ; one , a called &quot; caper movie &quot; , the history of a episode went well , a deception ( a example can be the series ocean &apos; at eleven ) .
in the film combined the states of mind . are a hand secuencias well it of tehran . in the sequence of appropriations are photographs flagship of the time of the events , were plasmados the same way in the film ; not there many differences to this regard .
the one , authoritarian scenes of hollywood a therefore more livianas , marked the irony and a actual excessive .
and also , scenes of the central of the cia and other institutions : trajeados men you the situation in the table of negotiations , in the corridors of the office , telephone ...
ben affleck has managed restart their career of a excellent way .
the actor , had been subject of advantage , has become in a respectable director and their way of act has left of be the white of ironic comments .
odysseus is their third largometraje , after of &quot; small koruna , koruna &quot; ( 2007 ) and the thriller &quot; the town . city of honour &quot; ( 2010 ) .
the same time , is the first film of affleck in the the action not has place in the city of boston , where fattened .
also , the sensitivity of warrant the atmosphere the place was a feature putting to the directors of old films above of standards of hollywood .
and affleck shows in odysseus , where tehran &quot; works &quot; in canada .
the best scenes of the film have place in the streets , in the reconstruction of the true events . the introductory sequence of the process of the embassy is impressive their sinóptica capacity , at same time , trasmite the statehood the confusion and of the lack of foresight arises when , in some place , the history a step forward .
affleck and their colleagues obtaining a similar effect in the fictitious scenes ( the team impostor in the bazaar of tehran ) .
too action in many places
the director had that accept the fact of that a history explained not offers much in the sense film of the scenes more schemers .
and you quite well . to times you adds something to the reality : here not control all of way so you ( the scene in threatens the crisis in the airport of tehran , the handicap of a call to america and the unbridled search after their back become in a madness ) .
the flaqueza of odysseus is the havoc arises of the need of show too action in many places .
alan arkin and john goodman have a role very funny as colleagues of hollywood , although their individuals deserved more space and not are , or much least , the only in this filme .
these reasons , the film of affleck lose a bit of further dramatic , but is a film can continue with a moderate interest , appreciate their realisation and the lifestyle retro of a thriller mind the years 70 .
but that collapse , that will difficult .
as umpteenth of a real history and as test of what excessive can be the responses of omnipresencia and omnisciencia of the secret services , is enough .
rules to the inflado of flair , bananas and circus
the servidor www.bankovnipoplatky.com , that every year is a survey on the rates bank more absurd , now has decided announce the contest on &quot; the regulation or the ideas more absurd the workshop of the eu &quot; .
&quot; we happened after the last event , the eu has to approve a share the 40 cent of women in jobs of direction in the large european companies &quot; , he právo patrik nacher , the inflated of the survey .
between the nominadas absurdidades is , example , the recent decision the european court of however the policies of insurance between men and women .
to now , the women aventajaban of best prices in the insurance of life because represent objective a risk will .
&quot; other ideas beyond the workshop of the eu can be proposals the people to end of this year &quot; .
the election will place to final the month of february of 2013 &quot; , informed nacher .
between the controversial regulations of the eu is , example , the compulsory addition of biocomponentes the combustible , as result , harms the environment ; another ban is the use of the thermometers of mercury of all the life only because contain a small amount of a dangerous substance or the guideline sombre the size of the cages of the hens , has contributed the considerable increase the price of the eggs this year .
has criticised the ban proving of use expression &quot; butter of it &quot; or the withdrawal of the classical philips of the shops .
a ends of quality must have a length of 14 centimetres .
the course of the union take this kind of decisions to often under the pressure of one or one lobby law or industrial , whose petitions in brussels are stood normally some state or group of states ( the republic czech , even with the threat of veto , eye the demands of their banks ) .
the interests of a lobby were behind of the request , example , of that the bananas of greater quality be have in the eu a length of what least 14 centimetres and not were present &quot; abnormal curvaturas &quot; .
the commission european campaigned saying that with this only seeking harmonisation the national rules not homogeneizadas to the date , only complicaban their marketing .
the rules do reference to fruit and vegetables in the eu , to despite of the opposition of some states , have there on the basis of that the directive existing means a waste of grocery .
the candidate to win the survey could be the site of the eu the last year according the which in the inflables flair market is compulsory have that the children under of 8 years not are authorised to inflarlos the supervision of a an .
the eu was reference here to a american study according the which , when about of toys , the flair are the main cause of death child asphyxia .
also is existing one similar applicable restriction the use of matasuegras part of children of to 14 years .
curiosas ocurrencias born even in our country
also absurd is the regulation which to the european officials : all who have any official role in the eu not can use designation of macedonia . to not wrapped the sensitivity of greece , must speak of fyrom ( party party party of macedonia ) .
the servidor bankovnípoplatky.com , in cooperation with the partnership of liberal economists laissez faire , nominó in the survey , between some absurd proposals those more down , the site of the union on the volume of the provisions of food in the territory of a state member .
the eu determinó the upper volumes of provisions of food can accept in the territory of the republic czech the same day of our entry to the eu .
after , the republic czech estimated , example , the established volume to setas in retains , what you an a threat of substantial fine .
to the organizers of the survey also them was the influx of pay to those countries not have access the sea and the idea of give a subsidy to the request of subsidies .
this class of ideas not arose in brussels but in prague .
&quot; are in disadvantage the fact of not have sea .
ask to the union european a compensation &quot; , declared in autumn the 2004 the then minister of agriculture jaroslav palas ( čssd ) .
destabilise with the fact of that in our country was much crop and , as result of the on purchases of intervention , the state had the stocks in and had that export .
according palas , given the republic czech is far of the ports maritime , the eu should pagarnos hundreds of million of eur .
the final , the commission european was ready to help to the republic czech and organised a public contest to the buying the crop of the countries not have access the sea .
the subsidy to receive a subsidy was proposal to the municipalities the ministry to the local development at the minister pavel němec ( us-deu ) . specifically , is available to the wording of applications of subsidies of brussels .
eu : the rare rules are a exception
the guidelines of the states member are to often white of criticisms , the efforts of the eu in on of regulations and , also , a functioning and development more effective in all the union deserve more well , that several experts , our recognition .
according the experts , the problem more serious is , example , the collection of subsidies of the eu to projects not have nothing see with the deepening of the european integration , but that the states member have managed in the negotiations on budgets .
to the czech also them is the very sensitive , the same way to other countries of the union , the fight the right to the designation of origin of their traditional products , although our country not always has de of these pugnas .
the czech , after six years of disputes with germans and austrian , flank with success designation of origin the requesón of olomouc , but had that christening the name the national rum , whose tradition in our country back the nineteenth century , and happened to called &quot; tuzemák &quot; .
only the products processing to from the destilado of cane of sugar can be smoothly rum , but not those facts to from of beet of sugar .
in the official textile of designations of protected origin of the eu , with with the feta meats and around known in all the world , the mazapán of the german city lübeck or the parma of parma , already are example the biscuits of karlsbad karlsbad , the carpa of pohořelice and of třeboň and , even , the variety of rapeseed of žatec .
as protected maras of the eu , will be proud the the bread of jengibre of pardubice and the karlsbad of hořice greens podkrkonoší .
the people want that save the republic , but am a amateur , says okamura
mr senator , how you happened stand to the elections to president ?
not is of be senator or president .
if in our country outside all well , then not would my candidacy .
but already not can bear see how condemn in the last twenty years in our country , how the honour are go , increase the taxes and the age of retirement .
not had ambitions of be political .
when see something that not i like , defend give with a solution to .
and since already have forty years and my candidacy is independent , the only possibility have of change the things is presentarme as senator or president .
the senate already has come , but little after has since in way to the presidency .
not is giving the backs to those people have voted ?
always said that my candidacy to the presidency depended of the results in the elections the senate .
more later precisé that if was rectors senator , would my candidacy to the presidency .
but my aim not is the role ; role is the tool with the can do reality my own ideas .
that need the greater possible influence and the mandate more strong possible .
the problem not is only that let a nation criticize in the bar or ahead of the television , but pisoteamos to who wants to a change .
to this you are the media of communication , that you discredit and who the freedom of expression with the freedom of lie .
of me says that i sobornado to journalists or i been she of jiří jiří .
we to speak of their ideas .
is to the presidential fight with financial base and criminal responsibilities of politicians and the declaration of the property above of twenty million .
to this must change the law .
as president not has this competition and only the senate in their whole can propose laws .
how want resolve ?
as citizen , i have part of a group of pressure to that the profession of guide recognise as work be , and we .
the problem is in the policy : if someone is with a good proposal , already be of right or of left , is to purpose and this affects to the citizens .
as independent candidate , have of a greater potential to obtain the support of all the parliamentary groups .
encasillamientos or dogmas of party , have the capacity of power are something of every party that be better to our country and put .
as more well a man of right or of left ?
since the point of view czech , have the impression the people i as more of left .
to me not has importance , already be a bit of left or a bit of right .
what i care is that want forward .
not i care if someone is of right or of left , i bring to the people .
always support openly any good solution , regardless of if the next proposal the ksčm or of the civil and , the same way , be in against of the poor ideas .
ago joke when says of ud. is populist .
but not is proving with what says ?
when creates a plan business to the company , have also certain objectives and ideals .
e intentas acercarte to them .
will who being populism , but all the proposals of the i already work in the world or known experts speak of them .
but the support the parliament only you are slogans .
and with this not can survive in the policy to long term .
or believe you that if aimed to the people and about with them , will , example , a criminal responsibility and financial ?
not have one option .
convince to politicians , to journalists and to the civil society and try them of my part to that .
if would elected president , not would problem in organise a broadcasting in direct television in the which would to the leaders of the parliamentary parties legitimaran the criminal responsibility and financial to politicians , officials , judges and tax the state .
and , eventually , them should that communicate why not want .
if there a strong personage the disputes , can do pressure in the political scene .
take case the direct election the president , has been a achievement of the public pressure .
the same time falling that only am a amateur , not am not a genie or a intellectual .
to my views and ideals defend seek allies .
just of start in the policy and attempt obtain the greater possible support to my programme .
defend from the things forward i who , but in case of that not have well , within of six years what leave and i the private sector .
sounds a little as if okamura outside to save the republic czech .
not am no salvador .
know that with a person not i nothing , that i visited to a series of personalities known , if to what best animaran to present their candidacy the senate .
i to see to radim jančura , but refused because had a work .
my part , what least i supported to the journalist of research jana lorencová , brought to the light the fraud with light meats of heating .
i i on of the basis of that the people is really dissatisfied , now am in the balance .
the sixty cent of the population not turned to the ballot and , those did , voted to the representatives the yobs .
in the senate are two the independent sector .
the people was the senate , of as way will complicated achieve changes .
however , i defend my own ideas , as example the direct election of mayors or of governors .
is considering be their own party ?
still not i considered because not have time to this , to check the unblemished past of every one of the potential member the party , or not have money .
not have money or to the campaign to the presidency , in my transparent account only there 20.000 coronas .
not has money ?
about of statements of the property , how is the their ?
need my private property in a 60 million .
in prague have a ground valued in 25 million , a floor valued ten million , another tasado floor in eight million , a series of works of art with a value of ten million , a aston martin of a 3,5 million and a škoda superb valued in a million , and in the account have a couple of million .
true , have a aston martin because was my dream of youth . always i was james espionage , seeing this car , was galante with the women and , at same time , fighting against the maldades and injustices .
leads a aston martin , their property is valued in 60 million and not has money to the campaign ?
ud. says that want change the republic but not want to too money of their part .
not is very convincing .
not have 15 million to the campaign .
have that endeudarme ?
in the campaign already i put 2,5 million .
the fact of that not have no patrocinador shows that not there too interest in my programme .
and not have the duty of pay the campaign with money of my pocket .
the expenditure of the campaign cover in essence that get in concept of salary of senator .
but not could live of this . example , not could pay to my son available school , costs 30.000 billion per .
if like only win money , then not i would as candidate .
will with their activity business to be live ?
not has said before that was to stop this activity ?
this not has nothing see with a greater salary .
as i promised , in part i left my activities .
example , the representative of my agency of travel will to be my substitute in spring .
the people would that would the samaritano salvase the republic .
but i also need live of something .
how loosen to win monthly as entrepreneur ?
between 200.000 and 400.000 , am gaining .
if would president , then cease the business .
can put all the interview in the edition the saturday of práva .
the study of architecture mvrdv shows that the real adventures not only are in the head - in the example of the library of spijkenisse and the right &quot; mountain of books &quot; - 2 photos
&quot; i that the building is fun , has a futurista aspect , and end there interesting something see &quot; , says lisette verhaig , a others is the street .
and füle spermon , technician of it in a great company on closely of the library , suggests : &quot; also , the building is &quot; .
but i i wonder to what need a library today in day .
all have internet , chlorine and electronic books .
nobody will will in these big libraries of fashionable , not ?
spijkenisse , a city bedroom on to the doors of rotterdam hardly deserves a fugaz visit , holds the questionable honour of have levies with a record to forget .
the population of 80.000 inhabitants is the rate of literacy more low of the countries netherlands .
to counter this situation so scandal , ago some years decided make of any way to the general culture and preserved the seven fake bridges receiving represented in the notes of euro in way of miniaturas of strong decoradas concrete .
the success of the amusing attack was have .
and was as the those political you that only there a possibility to improve the statistics : ¡ had that build a library !
winy maas , the study of dutch architecture mvrdv , all a proxy in the art of the diagramas of bars and responsible of funny buildings to the couple quai , took the issue with their her midst and spoke to the presentation the contest in the year 2003 with five books under the satisfactorily and a deficiencies in the face .
and while the jury looked perplejo to their around and encogía of shoulders , maas were to blown the books size finding a pyramid and brought their brief speech with the as words : &quot; ladies citizens :
here you , my proposal to the mountain of books of spijkenisse , the called `boekenberg &apos; &quot; .
nine years after , the mountain of 30 million of eur suspended in the place to .
this is part the project of revival , is with a underground parking , a supermarket , a office of post and a couple of buildings of housing and adosados .
to principles of november the mountain of books was is with the second prize &quot; best library of nl 2012 &quot; .
also , the project also is nominado the &quot; dutch national wood award 2012 &quot; .
of this way , the small city just of history , to the date not had nothing more offer that a smartest area posmoderna and a city incredibly decrepit after whose blank façade one intuiría more well a third central , has now with a labour of contemporary architecture .
but on all , spijkenisse at now the first cultural public building of their history .
the long way to the book
the first impression is that is of a paradise of books under a quesera .
well is true that there a lift we transported just the centre of this montañoso hallandsåsen , but the real s the space and the reading not use , but prefer fundirse with their topografía to every step of their escalation to the top .
the interior completely acristalado is bright and easy of cover with the view , the soil of recocido brick and the elegant farolas support of unequivocal way the public condition of the library .
the urban environment is perfect .
the raise the view can come to visualizar the banks the park , the dogs and the children and girls playing at football .
and all both books , books and more books .
&quot; normally the shelves of books are willing to what long of the façade and in the centre opens a huge darker room , what general , is be bitter something and impersonal &quot; , says winy maas .
what have done us is to land down the classical configuration space and from the area of reading the interior the foreign .
the interior of the mountain is very well tapped : in the are the offices , the library of internet , the club of being , the centre of environmental education and the room of peacekeeping .
is special deserve the blackest shelves tries the duties of mural coating , parapeto and barandilla the same time .
the view , the you and the olfato are distant .
even the architects and the civil engineers more the day shake the head when may speak of this unknown material .
&quot; wanted work with recycled materials &quot; , we explains joop trouborst , head the project in the city of spijkenisse .
and is as a day , in a agricultural exploitation frisia , we brings with the appropriate feed from of the agriculture .
since ago many years , in the greenhouses and in the camps of the countries netherlands used a fabric plastic of those millimetres of thick as basis to sujetar the roots of the crops .
is of a cheap material and efficient .
this fine hard fabric two stations and after being .
to the library this fabric prensó , first time in such quantities , to get illustrations of four centimetres of thick .
with the heat and the pressure , the agricultural plastic ( klp ) change of colour and becomes in a dark material , harmonised and durable of to a of new car and zapatilla of sport .
after 105 frontage is to the top of the mountain .
the final of this continual route of almost 500 metres around of the mountain we facing to : since the cafeteria not only has a fantastic view of the city , but in it also can enjoy of a tasty holandesas croquetas and their ficus planted in enormous pots .
these do a environment an to the couple are the moisture appropriate air to this mountain of literature .
donations to a new soul
&quot; although costs creerlo given their large land glass , this building is a exemplary project in what as to the ecology &quot; , trouborst .
the heating and the necessary cooling are to from of geothermal energy .
to despite of that the mountain of books is on under a huge pyramid of glass , even in the days more soleados the sun only make for few hours in their interior .
the enormous cerchas of offshore wood in transversal sense to the façade of glass serve to give shadow and absorb the majority of the rays the sun .
this creates a internal confortable climate .
the rest is thing of the late shutters .
füle spermon , the own honest the sector of the technologies of the information , already has dared to to the ordinary in the new library .
and lisette verhaig also has been there .
also , the teacher of traditional chinese medicine munashe bogarde has visited the library . it is the &quot; boekenberg &quot; as the &quot; late soul &quot; of spijkenisse .
the reason is that , with reason of the opening had place ago a couple of weeks , invited to all the inhabitants of the city to donate a book of their private series .
of this way intended fill , of time , the ópticos bits of a library still not has with their complete inquiries ; in the today has 70.000 recruits .
the concept has matter particularly .
the shelves are teem .
&quot; not there worst nothing that a average empty library &quot; , says the architect winy maas .
&quot; i that thanks to our initiative now all the inhabitants have a true link with this building .
all know that their book is part of the library .
although only is to embellish .
of this way , the study mvrdv has managed all a success in harmonious discipline that in the argot specialises known as &quot; creation of a identity &quot; .
the city of spijkenisse has written a part of the history of the literature .
regardless of what young and inculta can be .
end a point of starting to shaping their identity .
szabo : &quot; the germans must play a role more key &quot;
germany has abstained in the vote on the admission of palestine .
according stephen szabo , expert in the relations us . uu.-europa , this is to berlin in a diplomatic position quite tricky .
deutsche welle : trouble principles of week , germany was to understand that would in against of the proposal of give to the palestinian territories the condition of state observer of the nations un .
however , finally berlin abstained .
what ?
stephen szabo : germany not supports what the israelis have done in gaza .
now well , because to the special relationship unite the country with israel , germany must have care .
but the same time i that not supports the american position .
germany wanted demonstrate their independence be too critical with israel .
for the embargo had place in libya in march of 2011 , germany also abstained when of what was was of establish a area of ban of flight .
this has been found finally the nato .
you is difficult to germany adopt a clear position when are in game international important subjects ?
, is .
this must to that in these at is moving their foreign policy , away of a policy led , were , the states united and centrándose in a foreign german policy .
and what makes still more the things is the europeans not have a coherent policy and uniform .
what therefore , the germans are in a crossroads .
of them expected that play a role more independent , but not are used to do .
i that still are operating what will their role , but already have initiated the way to a foreign policy normal &quot; &quot; .
a foreign similar policy to the countries as france or britain britain .
what means specifically a foreign policy normal &quot; &quot; since the point of german view ?
is a policy , when is of national interests , shows ready to defend different clash to the of states united or their european partners .
i that the foreign german policy is a strong motivation in the economic policy , is say , in the exports and in their relations with certain regions , as can be russia , china or east middle .
the economic german interests are even a different point to the of other large powers and that reason germany must protect their interests .
these economic interests have affected in the position adopted with regard the conflict in east middle and in the vote of the un ?
a hand , germany has with large markets in east middle , especially in the gulf .
this reason must be careful and not alienarse of the public opinion arab or not of the élite arab .
this is important , course .
but i not you would so importance since not is of a relationship completely unilateral .
however , play a fundamental role in the german considerations .
has undermined germany their relationship with us . uu. the throat of vote in important decisions as in the vote on palestine ?
i that in europe , and even in states united , the german position degree of a huge degree of understanding .
this reason , not i that has been a break so drastic as in the case of libya .
perhaps with this germany has achieved earned a true respect .
the end and the out , all this not has done but demonstrate that is a country the that take in serious as international actor and whose interests there that have in account .
in europe there different views about of the palestinian initiative .
in change , us . uu. has shown clearly to favour of a veto .
there differences of views between us . uu. and many european nations ?
always have been these disparities because to the internal policy us .
i that the government of obama shows in secret a great understanding to the european position .
but , to cause of the political situation lives here , is clear that the government not can defend in public position .
i that the real differences of views not has in reality the scope you attaches .
if we the relations between obama and the prime israeli minister netanyahu , see that obama not is to happy nothing with the policy develops .
you is difficult to germany reconcile the closer relations is with israel and states united , a hand , with the position of their main partners in the eu , one ?
i that is precisely that what ago that be so difficult to the germans .
course that would a little more easy to the germans if existed a european coherent policy and homogenous , but not is the case .
what therefore , not have the possibility of be part of a higher spain , but must promote the things since their own position .
that is precisely what are doing now with the euro .
i that in the future germany will a role of leadership to the time of force to europe to adopt a european position .
course that this not is easy nothing to germany , already be simply the relationship is with israel .
this has been always a tough issue .
but i that the germans have course must play the role of independent issues .
is germany to itself same in the role of international important actor ? to in reality germany taking a key role ?
or perhaps you is finding difficult accept that leadership ?
germany still not has have , always is awkward something and , obvious reasons , the country you is costing play a role more important .
if we the crisis the euro , example , see that every time germany positions as main actor , yielding certain antialemanes feelings .
this not is easy to the germans .
is of a old problem and is that nobody want be surrounded of the countries enemies .
light of this way , germany is in a position much more difficult that states united .
must show a inclusive attitude with to the different neighbours and views and that not is easy .
the influence of us . uu. in the european policy ever every time more , but the eu not cover of time that vacuum , who is then ?
to the germans not them will more no that taking a role more key .
even if not them like , if them is unpleasant or if them becomes in a people still more unpopular , c &apos; c the la !
stephen szabo is director executive of the academy launch in washington , a institution in the academics and experts in policy from of europe and of america the north you of joint way the challenges to the facing the community transatlantic .
szabo is also member the polls marshall fund , where has specialises in german policy , political protocol us and relations transatlantic .
&quot; protection liberated &quot; trademark in china : when puma and armani become of suddenly in chinese trademark
armani is a mark known to global level and side ralph lauren also .
but , what is armani side ?
after this name is a designation has officially in china but not has nothing see with the original companies .
not however , this degree of protection while the real epónimos not be a demand .
e even then not is clear that them will to give the reason .
&quot; to the foreigners them is every time more difficult protect their trademark in china &quot; , case pattloch , lawyer the bufete taylor wessing specialises in violations of rights of protection in far east .
every week is to my table a new case .
the imitators simply add a couple of you to be record their trademark .
of this way , gucci becomes in lu-gucci and in place of prada has prada-kny .
the german companies also copied legally of the same way , as and as you has happened the manufacturer of articles sport puma .
pattloch opens a filing in the have seats of the office of trademark of beijing .
the 14 of september of 2010 a chinese company was record the mark zegna df puma , a artificial name also useless of the home of fashionable ermenegildo zegna .
that the chinese are champions world in that of preserved and of have the rights of intellectual property is of too known .
in the large cities there large stocks of several plants dedicated exclusively to the sale of counterfeiting .
however , the cases of pattloch are of one a . charge of their customers , he fight against the fact of that the office of trademark granted of official way to the chinese companies the right to from advantage of a designation already is has in another place .
the chinese refer &quot; bang ming pai &quot; or signals companion .
the word has their origin in the chinese term &quot; bang dakuan &quot; ,
ago reference to women have &quot; fish &quot; to a wealthy man .
the chinese authorities not feel culprits
&quot; is harmful to the business , there that fight against this &quot; , requires pattloch .
&quot; the mark ago waters , the early position disappears and the damage suffering the image is huge . &quot;
the financial losses and the procedural coast of the sectors affected are millonarias , on all in the case of products of luxury .
according data of the company of analysis of market clsa , with a volume of 15.000 million of eur the year china is , in size , the third market of articles of luxury and the overall to greater pace .
however , achieve the annulment of enrolment of doubtful legality in the registration of trademark is complicated and also is much money .
the processes can over to nine years and the result is uncertain .
pattloch about of cases in the the court rejected a demand because had been so time the name subject of the demand already had become in a &quot; reality of &quot; market .
&quot; if the they has bad fortunately , perhaps even have that pay money the plagiador because the process has done to the mark of this in china &quot; , pattloch .
in times this is the law of the jungle .
some of the cases more known have that see with graphic elements .
in 2009 daimler-benz lost a case against the manufacturer of machinery of construction sany , the company has been over ago bit the german manufacturer of bombs of concrete putzmeister .
that to day of today the chinese can continue being a emblem very similar to the star of mercedes .
the buyer of umeå , geely , dispense the principle a logo in white and blue had in great measure to bmw ; the issue dirimió in the courts and geely had that it .
the manufacturer of clothes lacoste lost in china against imitators from of kong kong and singapore whose logo represented a crocodile look in the opposite direction the original .
the chinese authorities not feel culprits .
the office of trademark ctmo in beijing recognised that in 2010 have had due difficulties to the shortage of equipment and funding of staff .
the last year , however , &quot; the situation of emergency labour came to the normality &quot; .
of this way , the amount of processes of complaint tramitar has reduced in a 22 % .
almost 57.000 of these cases were been , a 75 % more that the previous year .
however , 81.500 complaints are outstanding of resolution .
fight against this costs much money
as is be her in china , the figures are surprising .
the last year the ctmo registered more of 1,4 million of applications of protection of trademark , almost a third more that in 2010 .
would of a new record and means that china lidera tenth year running the list of new enrolment in all the world , that the office of trademark .
seems that this also happens with the number of valid footballs , figure amounts to 5,5 million in total .
in 2011 would embolsado 1.800 million of cny in concept of rights .
of another way , this means that of average every for costs 1.280 cny or 160 euros .
fight against this costs much money , as and as shows the case of the company german family freudenberg .
since ago more of seven years the group does in the courts against a chinese imitador .
if well the germans have managed stop the illegal manufacture of parts of car of imitation ,
the imitador has achieved assured the chinese rights on the mark freudenberg .
&quot; us ourselves have caused this situation because in germany the surnames not are protected &quot; , hanno wentzler , president and delegado consejero of freudenberg chemical specialities in munich .
the office of trademark ctmo also rejected the appeal of the muniqueses .
in the two as bodies you have given the reason to freudenberg , but the opposite part is proceed in the today .
there that have very care
now the case has come to the doors the higher court of justice , where is outstanding of resolution .
wentzler entrusts in power resolve welcome the question and extolls the professionalism of the courts .
however , also says that &quot; the procedure is extremely expensive , therefore in terms of money as of time &quot; .
is difficult estimate the internal costs ; the inquiries business has had that review dossiers of even hundred years of old to be provide evidence .
ago five years freudenberg promised to the opposite part a suma &quot; of six figures in eur &quot; with the aim of come to a friendly agreement , but not had success .
&quot; this shows what much we care &quot; , wentzler .
the dangers stalk in far east are even with affect to europe ,
specifically if imitators they there the rights on trademark not protected .
, a chinese manufacturer tried record in germany the name freudenberg to shoes and products of fur .
ago time that the group came this commercial area , not however issued prevent the for .
&quot; there that have very care &quot; , says wentzler .
therefore he as the lawyer pattloch proposed to the german companies that are extremely careful to the time of do business with china .
not is with should in the international legislation on rights of mark , but that there that do is &quot; record also in china all what can be for of &quot; protection , as and as suggests wentzler .
of what otherwise , the issue can be much more expensive a simple registration .
of done , in case of that freudenberg would the last assault of their particular battle , then would that pay to the opposite part rights of licence their own name , as and as explains wentzler .
that or in the segment in question we expulsarían the market .
global day of the fight against the aids : dance , announces , help
in heidelberg trying the whitehead imbongi and in delighted swaziland the orphans the aids
the history of a capable link of that overcome much more of 8.733 kilometres of distance .
first starts the floor : you of cowboy , slippers of basketball , shoes of tacón and mocasines are the compass on the soil of parquet , and are quickly .
a , two , three , four .
only then start to elevarse slowly the voices of the singers ( contralto , under , statement and ) soprano , arremolinándose , entorpeciéndose and siguiéndose a to others .
and fiete hopf , the director of 29 years , threatens with membership almost of their limit the try to order with their bold gestures and softer .
is monday the afternoon and in the room of music the institute of psicología médica of heidelberg the whitehead imbongi trying a new song .
also have come the fifty singers , of between 23 and 69 years , since the human genetista to the husband of home .
&quot; om &apos; obani &quot; not is a one easy , every voice the whitehead has a different text and also in a foreign language hardly known : the zulú , a language spoken eleven million of people in south , botswana , lesotho , malawi , mozambique and in some areas of swaziland .
aid to the better
according a estimate of unaids , the programme of the nations un to the fight against the aids , in all the world there approximately 34 million of people with the virus the hiv .
23,5 million of them live in the south of africa .
in swaziland there 245.000 orphans the aids .
more the 40 % of the population already is positive .
the partnership voices at africa has found in germany peacemaker to the 180 orphans the aids the people of esitjeni .
seventy of them attend to the secondary school .
15 or 20 eur the month can apadrinar to a child .
this contribution will the plate of the school , the uniform and you will a warm food the day in the gogo center .
imbongi means in zulú &quot; narrador of stories &quot; or panegirista &quot; &quot; .
in this room nobody know speak with fluidity this language bantú , but announces know .
since ago ten years this whitehead trying songs in this softly foreign language in times there transportarles to their place of origin : the south of africa .
to 8.733 kilometres of distance in straight line since heidelberg , in the circumstances the uk of swaziland , there a people called esitjeni depends of the voices of this german whitehead .
the forty cent is somewhere
approximately 2.000 people live there , some still in simpler property of clay and hay , a great part of them are children .
more of 300 already not have parents because have succumbed the aids .
esitjeni is a small example of what affects to swaziland : the rate of infection of aids more high and the hopes of life more lowest of all the world , according unicef .
the population not is with good eyes the circumcision , a practice that has shown reduces to the half the risk of infection .
more the 40 % of the inhabitants of swaziland are proper the virus of the line , and die with something more of thirty years has become in something her .
for a joint journey to africa in the spring of 2005 the whitehead found this recóndita population , but what were on all were many children in the streets which not only of the protection of their parents , but of what main : food , clothes and training .
title school , the possibilities in a poor country are more bleak .
in a principle was only the particular compromise of a few what was possible that a child would the school and disfrutara of a warm food the day . all this a few euros .
however , a year after the whitehead founded the partnership &quot; voices at africa &quot; since then has he profesionalmente of the orphans the aids in esitjeni .
facts on the infections of sexual transmission
what are the main diseases of sexual transmission ?
between the incidence of bacteriano origin are the syphilis , the chlamydia and the gonorrea .
the incidence of vírico origin more arise are the aids , the virus the human papilloma , the herpes mutilation or the hepatitis .
the ladillas and the sarna are between the airborne incidence parasites .
what are the main groups of those ?
the syphilis and the gonorrea are with more often in men are sexual relations with other men .
the institute robert koch part of the basis of the least four of every five cases of syphilis registered in germany have their origin in a sexual contact between men .
in the case of the heterosexuales adults the diseases of sexual transmission more arise are the infections chlamydia , tricomonas , the virus the human papilloma , candidiasis ( ) hongo and the gonorrea .
the infection the hiv between the heterosexuales adults the country is relatively small ; not however , approximately the 20 % of the new infections hiv are in this group .
between the people , the infections chlamydia are much more arise that in others groups of population .
that european surveys , three quarters of all the infections affect to people of between 15 and 25 years .
in our country , the virus the human papilloma also adds to the diseases more arise between the youth .
how has there the number of infections ?
not all the diseases of sexual transmission are subject to compulsory declaration .
according the institute robert koch , the number of infections syphilis has doubled their figure of 1.697 cases in 2001 to 3.698 cases in 2011 .
the number of new infections hiv is a downward trend since 2007 .
in 2011 registered approximately 2.700 cases .
is of a tenth least part in the previous year .
what symptoms show that is of a venérea disease ?
the infectious diseases can cause úlceras in the area mutilation , deal the orinar , flow , abdominal pain , as ampollas or verrugas .
to often not cause pain or have other symptoms and that not that .
how can one protect ?
the condoms can reduce the risk of infection , but not are protection the hundred hundred .
some such players of diseases of sexual transmission also can be to through of infections suciedad and physical contact .
this reason , the experts proposed must regularly to medical examinations , on all if change with often of sexual couple .
if diagnosed of early way , the majority of the incidence can peltier and is possible avoid any late result .
to through of partnerships , donations and , last but not this least important , of the pay offered the whitehead their actions in all germany , they to because quite money .
&quot; in total have sent already a 200.000 eur to esitjeni &quot; , proud annette lennartz , president of the partnership .
in the own people zodwa gugu a safe woman of itself same and with on of leadership administers the money sent since germany .
taken of that the orphans are a good sanitation , example with one of the grandmothers .
the gogos &quot; &quot; , as come to the elderly women in zulú , are the pillars the people .
some of them have to 14 orphans to their office , them are a ceiling where live and are of that the children pressuring to the school all the days punctually and their with their uniforms .
the not have to nobody are under the protection of khanyisile , a pregnant woman , the as that the two cocineras are of cooking all the days to more of 200 hungry children , is a wage of the partnership .
also , &quot; voices of africa &quot; has since in a school of remnant , has built two gallineros and , in cooperation with the organisation health us psi , has achieved that many of the inhabitants the people have put to a test of hiv .
this not is obvious something , since , to despite of what patent is this disease in all the country , not is speak openly of it .
a king with 14 wives
&quot; the aids is a taboo all &quot; , says annette lennartz , &quot; because has see with the sexuality &quot; .
strange something in a country in the the king has officially 14 wives .
the last monarca all the africa black , the king mswati iii , is known their lifestyle of opulento life and full of addition .
poligamia in place of democracy .
this way of life not accepted officially is in great responsible part of the spread so quick has gone the virus the hiv in the last decades .
but also must to the countless temporeros need the country of a hand to one and have beyond where will .
according annette lennartz , &quot; in any corner can get free condoms , but these hardly use .
is another culture , here only accepted the contact fur against fur &quot; .
to promote the cultural exchange , the whitehead imbongi travel every two or three years the south of africa cantando songs speak of gloom , combativo spirit , hope and confidence in the black race , songs that many in the far more southern the african continent still are of the time the apartheid .
a full bus of white speak songs in a language of black ; therefore recognition not only brings because a excellent environment and a joy , but also has achieved arrancarle a couple of tears to some another soldier rabioso border .
the journey them has always to esitjeni , where the singers their to the apadrinados children .
to despite of that this small population hardly is in the maps , in the valley the river ezulweni is very known .
&quot; acércate to esitjeni , there make the light &quot; , says the people the place .
and after go the 8.733 kilometres in straight line of back to heidelberg to the rooms of trial of the street bergheimer repletas of singers pointing the step , one account of also is possible see brillar their light since there .
messenger : the nasa discover ice in mercury
the probe messenger has found evidence of the existence of ice in mercury .
probably the layer of ice have a thick of to 20 metres .
the nasa , the agency american space , has has evidence of the existence of ice in mercury .
to despite of dealt the planet more have the sun , there also there helada water , as and as from of three studies published the thursday in the magazine was &quot; bamst &quot; .
the probe messenger would found evidence of that in the area the planet is constantly to the shadow has have a layer of ice .
seems that this has to least 30 centimetres and probably even to 20 metres of thick .
the water from possesses of cometas or , with great likelihood , of asteroides in their day crashed against mercury .
nobody linked the headlines of ice with the possibility of that there life in the planet , says the researchers head of the probe messenger , whatever solomon .
the temperature in mercury can achieve to 426 degrees degree .
however , the findings could help to clarify how have come the water and others components of the life to other areas the solar system .
of way completely inadvertida to the inhabitants the planet land , the probes , telescopios and small robots as the phoenix play to explore the day the universe .
of time in when send images to the land : small windows to the reaches the space .
the image from of a house developed german researchers the institute weber planck .
the eight planets awaited our solar system , also the planet enano ceres .
the as plutón , about around the fair sun behind of neptune , according the new definition the term published the union international astronómica in 2006 ceres not is no &quot; planet &quot; .
this section of a image of lamps taken the telescope spitzer shows a &quot; fact of family &quot; in the receiving infinitas generations of stars : the stars more old are as blue points , although more difficult of recognise is the colour view of the &quot; deliberate stars &quot; .
this region of training of stars , called of little romantic way the scientists w5 , was descubierta the telescope spitzer in the constellation of casiopea , to a distance of 6.500 years light .
this tornasolada image of a star in species was taken the telescope spitzer of the nasa .
the ring in way of donut is up the material the escupe star in their process of species .
in the huge trífida fallback , to 5.400 years light of the land , form new stars to from of gas and dust .
the telescope spitzer of the nasa took this photograph of the area of estelar galáctica training .
the pléyades , a group of stars also known with the pater of &quot; the seven sisters &quot; , are a visible subject to simple view in the pretty sky .
however , with the telescope can see better the colours .
the fallback of the hélice is as a huge red eye is in this image of lamps .
is on to 700 years light of the constellation of acuario .
their similarity with a continent earth you has earned the pater of america the north .
the combination of a normal picture and a image of lamps place to a powerful colorido .
this star in ciernes could be its in all their first glory time the detectors of optical the telescope spitzer .
rings and their rings : how derived is being a of the large cap of the astronomy .
probably is of remains of one of the screens of rings disappeared stop trace ago 4.500 million of years .
one of the elderly and more nítidas photographs taken the telescope hubble : the galaxy the remolino .
on of the tonalidades , some images of espirales star become in real works of art .
the image published the centre european were shows the trífida fallback on to several thousands of years light in the constellation of sagitario .
the name trífida from the term latino &quot; trifidus &quot; ( divided in three ) , since a oscuras lines of dust into the heart workers of this area of estelar training in three lóbulos .
in the constellation of ofiuco the neil were fotografiar the signs of a cosmic carambola : to 400 million of years light of the land the numbers of two star in process of merger derive the one to the one to i chocando of evil way .
this training of stars was its the telescope hubble in the galaxy spiral m83 .
the not dislike of technical abbreviations can you to it with the pater of molinillo were .
the picture the telescope space hubble shows a section of the fallback issue in the constellation of cefeo .
the fallback on to 1.400 years light is independent particles of dust whose size is between ten and hundred times more small that the of the particles of dust we find in a home .
this image was conducts to from of ópticas images and of radiografías made different telescopios .
shows a ring of black holes it to 430 million of years light of the land .
this group of star , arp 273 , was a time of model to the telescope space hubble of the nasa .
the scientists refer the galaxy spiral of greater size ugc 1810 .
in this fallback is the group of young stars more illustrious of our way planets .
this area of estelar training is constantly new stars .
in this cloud of stars , associated to the fallback roseta , also arise continually new star ; to 5.000 years light of the land .
in this galaxy so brilliant with a small black hole still not there dust , only gas .
the researchers pose that formed little after the bang bang , when in the universe could find on all hydrogen .
our window the universe : the telescopios more important
seems that the telescope was inventado hans lipperhey in 1608 , before of that galileo galilei what green a year after to observed the stars .
since then , the glass of the ópticos telescopios not has stopped of grow and the images we are have every time more depth .
for 30 years , specifically of 1947 to 1975 , the telescope hale it in the centre palomar closely of st garcia was the more large the world .
their mirror , in the image , had a distance of five metres .
in arizona , us . parts . , suspended the families binocular telescope .
this allows observed the cosmos to through of two glass , every one with a distance of 8,4 metres .
the interior the britain telescope canary it in the island of the palma is huge - only the mirror has a distance of 10,4 metres .
the mirror the african african families telescope in south is segmentado to save costs .
despite to this , high a distance of approximately eleven metres .
the disadvantage of this construction more economic is that the telescope has a angle of fixed course , what their mobility is small .
the telescope hobby-eberly in alaska also has a angle of fixed course .
their particularidad is their huge capacity to up light .
to despite of have with a distance of mirror comparison more small , that capacity is surely to the of the telescopios of mirror more large the world .
with aid the lofar of arecibo ( port puerto ) the researchers can explore the universe in search of signals of extraterrestre life .
the lofar has a distance of 305 metres .
in the &quot; search of intelligence extraterrestre &quot; ( seti their ets in english ) can help any person showing a computer , bringing capacity of prosecution .
view the centre european were ( eso ) it in the chilean caps .
here suspended the very families telescope , a telescope ago honour to their name .
with a total of four glass , this telescope also can iluminar the infrarrojo average spectrum .
the eso also will the e-elt ( european extremely families telescope or telescope european extremely deal ) .
their primary mirror will 42 metres and will up a total of 1.000 reflectantes elements .
to 2018 not expected be take images .
to 2007 the two telescopios good keck in the volcano hawaiano of mauna kea were adverse the more large the world .
these have with two glass , every one of them with a distance of 10 metres .
the telescopios keck form part the centre mauna kea , with to them explora the sky with the aid the telescope subaru and the irttf .
in mauna kea is to build a new telescope of enormous scale and with a distance of mirror of thirty metres .
this is a image of how would .
however , the information more important the cosmos we is of the hand the telescope space hubble .
since the 24 of april of 1990 are images of distant worlds .
since march of 2009 the telescope space kepler seeking extrasolares planets , mainly those are liveable .
the 2 of february of 2011 the nasa announced that since the start of their mission had localizado 1.235 candidates to planets .
in the image are the last preparations very the launch the telescope space kepler .
the telescope james webb space telescope ( jwst ) not launched the space to board of a rocket ariane 5 to 2018 .
the primary mirror of this telescope space has a distance of 6,5 metres .
one of the duties of this telescope will seek the light of the first stars and star charity after the bang bang .
the researchers proceed of the basis of that in the troubled side of mercury also there ice .
however , not there tenable evidence , since sonda messenger about in on the planet in a about much more their the side north .
since ago decades the measurements of radar invite to the existence of ice in mercury .
thanks to the probe messenger ( 2004 ) , the first was in on to mercury , now the scientists have the certainty of that is .
beber butter to daily and live 168 years
the troubled of many azerbaijan people achieve achieve bíblicas age .
there there even a museum dedicated to the longevity .
a search of fingerprints in a country in the the people of 97 years still are considered young .
the troubled of many azerbaijan people achieve achieve bíblicas age .
there there even a museum dedicated to the longevity .
a search of fingerprints in a country in the the people of 97 years still are considered young .
the way the mountainous region of talysh could called of savage and romantic .
the minibús is with great din to through of the sinuosa road is the hand of boscosas hill , rivers of great wealth and of the simpler houses of the local farmers .
all is green and nice , one could even think that is in the jungle black .
however , we are in the area more southern of azerbaijan ; since here the border with iran is to so only a kilometres .
here live the &quot; talyshi &quot; , a people the not know much , apart of that dominated perfectly the persa and the azerí and that are very dictatorial .
our final destination is lerik .
this small city defeating of a architecture perhaps too maciza sewn in the soviet era and that not seems dovetailed the all in a montañoso landscape so deserving .
the european tourists hardly they to this place , already the way since the capital of azerbaijan , baku , is too heavy .
to go the 323 kilometres separate two urban numbers , need eight hours because the road is of a only sense .
the astonishing wealth of the degree the country thanks the oil the sea caspian still not has come to this recóndita region .
however , pilata fatulayeva ( 48 ) is convinced of that lerik has what there that have to become in a tourist tourist .
&quot; baku was famous in may with reason of the since the festival of song and the next year will the festival of the people more elderly the world &quot; , fatulayeva .
is of the as the museum of the longevity , perhaps the only there in the world .
here is detailed the life of eight dozens of talyshis the place have overcome the 100 years of age . fatulayeva a image in white and black .
this is my grandfather , lived 120 years .
a son them died to the age of 136 years
however , the unquestionable star the museum is the sheep of sheep şirali müslümov , seems have experienced 168 years .
not however , not there no starting of birth certifique .
and if have in account that the man of greater detailed age lived 122 years , seems that the age of müslümov is quite suspect .
&quot; born in the region in 1805 and died in 1973 &quot; , we explains fatulayeva .
the man was married in three times and had 23 children . the appear still had time of conceived a daughter more to the age of 136 years .
has wrong then şirali müslümov in their age in a couple of decades ?
however , rembrandt scholz , gerontólogo in the institute weber planck of rostock , also has heard speak of the older age of this head of asia central .
&quot; in some regions of china , japan or in the valley of hunza in pakistan also live people of age very older &quot; , says scholz , &quot; even in sardinia there many elderly men &quot; .
due to the lack of documents , is impossible provide scientific evidence about of the age ; very when not there no civil registration .
all the vasos days in of derretida butter
is a fact , of way surprisingly often , the inhabitants of the region on in on to lerik usually achieve a biblical age .
in the today there 20 people over the 100 years of age .
what live here , in the south , so people of older age ?
the diverse azerí guide farid mugimzadeh explains that is of the special genes of the talyshis .
the as the museum , the sra. fatulayeva , believe in change that the cause lies in the food .
however , since a point of nutritional view , not seems logical that precisely the rich food in lowcalorie of the talyshi , adoran the meat , the bread and on all the products dairy and many of the which , also , haul daily a glass of derretida butter , be so healthy .
or perhaps be the way of natural life the is to the young people ? in cengemiran , a small settlement not far of the city of lerik lives rubaba mirzayeva .
to their 97 years is relatively young to what estila these latitudes .
mirzayeva , says have 143 descendants , lives in a simpler home of typical wood of all the region the caucasus .
ages in the soil , seeing of unstinting way a huge tina of butter .
eight people live under a ceiling , between them one of the children and a daughter of mirzayeva , both became in grandparents ago time .
also brincan of a hand to another two small children .
in the kitchen prepare tea to the invited , a tea serve in a classic vasos with abombada way .
the nail of mirzayeva are white and are perfectly laid and under the headscarf is two we trenzas of yellow dark hair their son we discover proud .
always i i laundering the hair with milk , that never i has fallen and has had their colour .
&quot; not i used never a cosmetic &quot; , says mirzayeva .
the pension is enough to live
of always has correct only what was in their own farm : tomatoes , potatoes and peas .
in all my life not i gone never to do the buying to a supermarket .
then we about of their husband , was in the army .
what worst was the time of to the second war world .
however , all came to their things when the querido &quot; father &quot; , heydar aliyew , took the control of the situation .
this kind of propaganda sounds rare in mouth of a greater woman .
however , in azerbaijan the degree pursuing to the mistreated issues of the nation , aimed their country as a dictator , not known limits .
this remained in the power to 2003 , time in the gave the baton to their son kocharian .
the least the elderly people of azerbaijan not know what is the poverty .
mirzayeva offered 230 manat ( approximately the same amount in eur ) in concept of monthly pension , a amount with the can live well taking in account the situation here .
and perhaps the canoso son of mirzayeva have reason : &quot; in our culture the elderly are very respected &quot; .
live in a great family , are amados , receive all the necessary care and are happy .
as if this not outside reason enough to is with many life years ...
in the constitution missing the &quot; expression rights human &quot;
the revolution has have the cairo .
demonstrations vying between itself in the cairo are of more the exaggerated division in the is poor the country .
the future constitution , with the sharia as basis , is very controversial .
the egyptian president not indulge in pathos .
&quot; must overcome the transition .
and that that happen is my responsibility , to the people and to god &quot; , said in the public television .
their speech was at to all the people , on all to the copts christians , the liberals , the long muslims and the secular .
all them , become no to now in a confusing opposition , have fear .
fear of a theocracy to banks the nuba the grace of the powerful muslim community .
as and as explains succession mursi , almost asking forgiveness , has had that withdrawn of temporary way the powers the court constitutional and broadened the you &quot; to be save the revolution &quot; .
however , or the egyptians or the whole world know very well what this engineering of 61 years with a title of phd orientates the university the south of california want save really .
intended deprived of their power to the judiciary ?
of done , the 234 articles , whose adoption has been forced a constitutional independent house 100 member overwhelmingly islamist in a high meeting of 15 hours of an , are truly worrying .
as in previous constitutions , in the draft also says that the justice is in the &quot; principles the islamic right &quot; .
however , what means that of &quot; principles &quot; ?
this was and is be open to the interpretation and seems that the islamists will to take this vague wording , as the margin of legal manoeuvre has aparejado , to impose a interpretation more strict of the sharia .
this is at least what suggests a new article added : in all the issues relating to the sharia is compulsory put to the university al-ashar , the islamic institution more important the country with a great power in all the an moderate .
not has what be , but this can mean that the clergy be the legislation , something - of fact - would as result the s of the judiciary .
britain part the draft of the constitution is open to the interpretation
what also is problem is that intended keep the military jurisdiction .
for the dictatorship of mubarak these courts served to exercise a hard repression on the opposition .
after the racked the dictator to 11.000 civil who detained in military prisons .
as and as for the draft , the state has of protect &quot; the real essence of the egyptian family &quot; and &quot; promote their behaviour and their values &quot; .
is of a wording so imprecise in legal terms with the aid of this article the institutions state could even control the content of the dominance and the literature .
talking course not is of another thing of censure .
true that no article for of explicit way the equality between men and women .
in change one prohibits offend or slandering to prophet succession and to their such .
however , not is clear what is a northern and how has of be sanctioned .
just of doubtful is the wording prohibits the &quot; northern to the people &quot;
is enough one as the president or a joke on a letrado ?
question of interpretation , as many other things in the draft has been have to mursi to their signing and that according , their words , &quot; very soon &quot; will have to the egyptians to be put to referendum .
&quot; the revolution has again &quot;
ago weeks the opposition is closing queues with to the superiority of the islamists .
ten thousand people met in a unusual harmony in the afternoon the friday in the square tahrir the cario and juraron do fail the acta before of that can into in force .
&quot; the revolution has have and end defeating &quot; , says hamdin sabbahi , taken the third place in the lists to the presidential elections .
the nobel of the peace and exdirector the international agency of energy international , mohamed el-baradei , declared that the draft of the constitution should be &quot; in the dustbin of the waste of the history &quot; .
to through of twitter was to the followers of mursi of to lead a &quot; coup of state against the democracy &quot; .
&quot; when called the referendum reflect to their palacio and derrocaremos &quot; , says the opponent jasser said .
&quot; still not are tired , the blood of our brothers still not has been expiada &quot; , resulting in the egyptian media the political opponent chaled ali .
and several judges announced that not wanted monitor the referendum , what not considered valid .
&quot; the koran is our constitution &quot;
their part , the muslim community well organised was a appeal to there a contramanifestación ; if just not in the square tahrir , but after a sentence the another hand the nuba , to the university of the cairo .
many women covered with a problems and supporters of the salafistas were part in the same the out of : &quot; the people requires the implementation of the law western &quot; .
demanded to mursi &quot; must the country &quot; , at same time proclamaban : &quot; the koran is our constitution &quot; .
a fight the sovereignty of the symbolic square tahrir , where started everything , would caused a similar situation to the of a civil war .
is clear that the who of mursi not wanted risking to that something happen .
the brothers of said that therefore the who the draft of the constitution as the who the same would expressed their high views and clear .
now would come the time of stop that the people bore in the ballot what direction should continue the country .
in this sense , seems that the draft of the islamists has fully the majority .
&quot; the &apos; expression rights human &apos; or even is &quot;
hafez abu saeda is furious with this constitutional process forced in reality should have disburse to february and have including to all the social forces .
this lawyer of 48 years specialises in human rights and president of the organisation meantime of rights human ( eohr ) campaigned to the brothers of when who held in prison or had that do with to a trial for the dictatorship of mubarak .
not because compartiera their ideology , but because to he the rights human are indivisible .
this reason was didn , condemned and he .
&quot; and now the expression `derechos human &apos; or even is in the new constitution &quot; , regrets in a conversation with the newspaper &quot; welt am bild &quot; .
the enlargement of the powers of mursi to the three powers the state was that this lawyer resign .
the measures taken are flagrant violations of the rules the democratic game and will to egypt to a new dictatorship .
&quot; in place of strengthen the civil society , what has done the president is abolirla &quot; , regrets saeda .
however , the democracy not can work the organisations of the civil society .
saeda feel producers , also the international community , the which is the ideological fight is taking place to banks the nuba with a of curious and tension .
this could go in their against .
a manifestante in the square tahrir means : &quot; are concibiendo a monster not podréis control &quot; .
the norwegian rakfisk : the fish more stale the world ?
the five million of inhabitants of norway enjoy of one of the elderly levels of life , not only of europe but the world .
is possible that the success the country bears any relationship with their days a fish extremely stale ?
should a series of meats unduly curados .
colóquelos in of a mountain of clothes of unofficial football and húmeda .
déjelo a week .
will then get the sluggish up the rakfisk , one of the exquisiteces of norway .
i am in the small city of fagernes , to a three hours of oslo .
is nevado . the landscape is powerful and that smell , always present , remains in the air .
the rakfisk is trucha in herrings is fermentar in water for , on of what stale that you is , to a year .
to measure oscurece and is doing more frío , no who in droves to a festival is here , in fagernes , dedicated to this manjar of what more , were , cautivador .
&quot; eaten crude and then drink a glass of aquavit of a pill &quot; , says havard halvarsen , bombero of the city is also what known as the general &quot; the rakfisk &quot; , undergoing of organise the festival .
all both see people eating this fish have in small buckets and wearing of a important pill quantities of the drink .
&quot; to some people them like more the aquavit the rakfisk &quot; , says havard .
the drink can kill the smell .
pruebo some analogues .
if you avoid overlook closely of the nose , not is ; not is very different to a task of them that has way a few kilometres in bus .
the rakfisk is a product from of a time very different , in the the poverty azotaba norway and in the , before of that existed the cooling , the fish deleted for the undeclared autumn in water and salt in herméticos barrels .
more later , in full winter , when already is well fermented , is and , obviously with the retired ways because the alcohol , eaten .
ago so only a generation , thousands of no were forced to leave their country in search of work , and emigrated mainly to states united .
currently , the population is increasing quickly ; more the 13 % are immigrants , attracted the abundance of jobs of work , high wages and a complete system of social services .
a aware of inhabitants of sweden , the old rival and to ago not too much more rich norway , is to this country to work .
the rakfisk as important something , a essential part , although quite stale , the last of norway .
is between the dishes more expensive that can buy .
but , of fact , all is expensive . a cane of beer or a sandwich you cost the mao of 10 € ( $ 14 ) every one .
norway not is go in the order the day of the international news and to the majority of no them like that be .
here the people still is little ready to use the name of anders breivik , the racist of extreme right acribilló to shot and killed to 77 people , between the had men , women and children .
in their place , are the shootout as &quot; the skeletons the 22 of july &quot; .
to the no them costs far believe that in their mild country one of the their outside capable of commit as cruelty and murder .
after a of the current wealth of norway is the growth , since principles of the 70 , of one of the industries of oil and of gas more large the world .
&quot; but the oil not is the only reason the we is so well &quot; , says anna , our camarera , while is happening meals of rakfisk and that , with their long melena rubia and their surprising blue eyes , represents the image the norwegian welfare .
&quot; are , as do fine , sensible people &quot; .
their english , as the of the majority of people in this country , is whiter .
&quot; not we like boast , not we like the solemnity &quot; .
norway has managed their wealth oil with a caution ; all , exception a small percentage the money from of this industry , is in a special fund in benefit of the future generations .
while all the world malgastaba money not had for the years preceded to the financial crisis in all the world , norway remained the grip well closed .
&quot; while can are in winter and do senderismo in summer , are overall &quot; , says anna .
&quot; and feed rakfisk &quot; , adds with a casual carcajada .
am in the snow doing eu to feed something ; already i had enough rakfisk .
now a clones of alce is doubt different something and quite suculento saborear .
but the night , again that stale fish .
the hotel in the i alojo is one of the many premises in the is a dinner of rakfisk in the the diners vote the best fish , or perhaps the more being to test the nasales potočari .
a television has logged in direct with a presentador has pajarita and that is surrounded of dishes of rakfisk .
seems the contest of song .
&quot; what are military points to the best fish there down in the mountains , thor-juergen ? &quot;
&quot; here is our puntuación , havard . &quot;
there laughter and applause .
a man is of the wheelchair , perhaps overcome the aquavit .
or perhaps are the refuelling of all that fish .
mexico : widow peña grandson facing to a hard start
while the incoming president of mexico , widow peña grandson , for to take possession of their office , the correspondent of the bbc , will bellamy , analysing the challenges to the facing the new president and the different expectations of their population .
the traffic in city of mexico is especially bad currently .
in a city , in the best circumstances , already is of itself congestionada , has been since the monday a encirclement of short steel number of the main roads have to the city and that is causing a huge chaos in the roads .
the aim , not however , not was prevent that the workers could come to their place of work , but avoid that the demonstrators could come the parliament .
the saturday , the new president of mexico , widow peña grandson , will the presidential bandwidth and will the management of the nation .
facing to a difficult task .
mexico has gone obtaining good economic results for the outgoing government of felipe calderón , but the country is undeclared in a war against the narcotráfco has claimed already a 60.000 lives in six years .
&quot; my government has the great compromise with the mexican people of reduce the violence &quot; , he the sr. peña grandson to principles of this week the president of states united , barack obama , in the clearance shenanigans .
&quot; i to propose a new strategy of security that we will achieve that aim &quot; .
before of codearse with the president of the ee.uu. , the political prior experience the sr. peña was as governor of their state home , the of mexico .
a state very populated and with a rapid growth , that the capital ; views on the new leader are divided in this territory in the he held start .
a honest man
in the bucólica city of valley the bravo , example , you reminds with affection .
their residents you some the merit the growth the tourism in the place and of the construction of infrastructure .
to come to the city can drive a of the new roads the sr. peña grandson , what is a huge improvement compared with the agrietadas roads and available of pretty were rehabilitadas .
also can see numberplates with their name in the entry of a modern polideportivo and of a impressive exponential museum on the change climate .
&quot; hope in that he found be a real change and lasting &quot; , says their friend and political ally mor olvera hernández , member the party the sr. peña grandson , the pri .
&quot; particularly , in what as to security and economy , we the interesting and real change that our country therefore needs &quot; .
after a uninterrupted period of 81 years in the power , the pri was desbancado vicente fox in the year 2000 .
the member olvera accepts that , after 12 years would the presidential palacio of the pinos , within the party there many expectations regard to widow peña grandson .
is also the rating the opposition ago of lack of essence the new president .
&quot; is a man very honest , very committed and with a excellent vision the country .
is a fantastic man of state and , above of all , is a person know listen . &quot;
however , the another hand the state not is the impression has a people on their former governor .
in nezahualcoyotl , known also as city neza , the contrast with the adoquinadas streets of valley the bravo not could be greater .
escondida under stretches of high motorway is , in many ways , a suburb of the own city of mexico .
and the problems the municipality are also hard and urban .
to principles of this year asked the intervention of the military to that commit in the fight against the gangs of drugs operating in the areas and the violence against the women is especially serious .
in a desértica area , on with to a waste of waste , have left own in so only the two last years the bodies of dozens of women killed .
more of 1.000 women were murdered in the state of mexico while the sr. peña grandson was the governor , a rate much more higher that the of city juárez , unfortunately famous their violence and a place is synonymous of murder of innocent women .
the critics the sr. peña grandson say , in the best of the cases , not was address the problem the feminicide while was in the office .
the more critical accusing to their administration of do the blind view .
in a home of concrete , typical the deteriorado area , irinea buendía has that do efforts to contain the tears while i shows photographs of their fallecida daughter , mariana moon .
according the official version of the facts , mariana committed in 2010 .
however , their family believe that their couple killed .
&quot; when i to their home , seemed as if you would washed the body &quot; , reminds the mrs buendía .
&quot; had signs of that had been hit and the mortis rigour already had appeared &quot; .
while their mother tracing the history , a picture of mariana is since the walls , with to a cross in the reads a only word : justice .
however , that is exactly what the family says that you has denied .
&quot; the authorities the state i have with as if would a old chismosa , a alborotadora , one quejica .
what want is that one simply accept what them say and that street &quot; .
&quot; but that not can be when have there so irregularities and so negligence &quot; , says .
the presidential bandwidth the president peña grandson will the saturday will accompanied of a huge responsibility .
tens of thousands of families have seen affected violent crimes in mexico for the last six years and the new president has promised would priority for their mandate .
&quot; hope that be the same kind of president that was when was governor &quot; , says the member the pri olvera in valley the bravo .
however , that is exactly what the families of the victims of city neza more fear .
bradley bradley not deplored bad abuse , that claim the tax
the tax are of do with to the complaints of abuses of bradley bradley for their stay in prison
the trial focuses in the period of bradley in the military prison of quantico in virginia
the defence want that hand the case travelling in that the imprisonment of bradley was severe
the soldier the army is accused of steal thousands of confidential documents .
the tax were of demonstrate the friday that the soldier bradley bradley , accused of the greater leak of confidential information in the history of the states united , lost multiple opportunities of denounce the bad abuse now does that was while was under military detention .
for the interrogation prosecutor was to bradley in a prior view at trial in ft . meade , maryland , the prosecutor commander ashden easter said that the records of the visits week of official of the unit bradley received for nine months of detention in quantico , virginia , not are no concession on the treatment received .
the interrogation , was to out for a relevant view to result of the request of the defence of that refer the case given their belmarsh had been hard and this already had get enough punishment , came a day after of that bradley would testified that had considered in suicidarse while was precise .
the superiors of intelligence the army , arrestado in june of 2010 , is accused of steal thousands of confidential documents while was of service in iraq .
more later , wikileaks published the material in internet .
wikileaks not has confirmed never that bradley would the source of information .
in the view the friday , easter revisó with bradley the forms the uniforms rellenaban after of the visits to bradley for their arrest in the military prison of quantico , where was imprisoned in regime of vital delek since july of 2010 to april 2011 .
the uniforms would been questions to bradley and note their answers .
when the friday easter asked on the forms , bradley recognised that had described the treatment you by the celadores as &quot; excellent &quot; and the treatment reimbursed in the installations in general as &quot; very professional &quot; .
the forms not are no concession of bad abuse , to despite of that the uniforms asked to bradley directly on the treatment received , said easter .
bradley did that had expressed their concern on some issues and that the uniforms you paid had spoken of these problems and you had signalled that told , but them not was information of these issues in the registration .
&quot; escribían &apos; defences &apos; ( after of have spoken of the problems ) but this not means necessarily that i not would mentioned no problem &quot; , said bradley .
the judge , colonel the army denise lind , also asked to bradley what not had denounced the treatment received for the meeting had place in january of 2011 with a responsible council of look the intentions of suicide had expressed in a form months before .
bradley did that their intention for that meeting was the of obtain the reduction the regime of &quot; prevention of injury &quot; under the which was .
the military said that you had put under that restrictive regime , is a degree below the of possible surveillance suicide , to ensure their protection and the security of other people .
&quot; wanted that the greater state known that i was well and ( wanted ) stop of be under prevention of injury ... to be enjoy of what , since my point of view , is a best quality of life &quot; , said bradley .
bradley testificó the thursday on their arrest in iraq and their producers to kuwait , where was military for almost two months before of be made to the military prison on in the basis of the marines in quantico , virginia , in july of 2010 .
said that had considered suicidarse in kuwait and that in a occasion lost the due knowledge the heat .
said that the fact of that not you allowed know what you was happening or what was in the foreign world was very distressing .
&quot; my world reduced so only the camp arafjon , to caged &quot; , he bradley the thursday .
&quot; i that was to die in caged &quot; .
bradley said that , a time made to quantico , was the majority of the days in a small cell , at least for 21 hours and to often for 23 hours , company .
bradley said that so only you did have a buffer , a one , a chancletas , something of clothes and their glasses .
he that he start all the time , already was outside taking or even tumbarse for the day .
bradley said that always had a light from of outside at to their eyes while he .
said that if the celadores not were see the face when was the back the night , you despertaban to that you to be the back .
the lawyer of bradley presented in january of 2011 a formal complaint on the treatment received bradley .
bradley was made to the military prison of knox leavenworth in kansas in april of 2011 .
the friday the judge asked to bradley on a plea had been in the declaration the thursday , according the which , after be forced a night to taking justified in their cell of quantico , you forced for a matinal count to remain of ordinary desdnudo ahead of the celadores and of other prisoners .
bradley had testified that never you had given the opportunity of made with the one for the count .
for the interrogation of the judge the friday , bradley said that embarking the order you was the celador should stop fall the one with the could have plunged , but recognised that nobody you had put that the quit fall .
bradley testificó the thursday that you had forced to taking justified the previous night to cause of a attempt demonstrate to a officer he not supposed a danger to itself same .
bradley said that you had said the official could have used the elástico of their internal clothes or their chanclas to autolesionarse but not had done .
bradley testificó that that night had withdrawn of their cell their internal clothes , their chanclas and their glasses .
their lawyers have the hope of that the judge have to least in account the experiences the happened for their stay in prison and should drastically their judgment in case of would condemned in the council of war , is to that start to principles the next year .
the defence said that has to do that bradley declare guilty of crimes under and defend other accusations considered too exceptional .
is to that the view resume this end of week and expected that the tax arguing that the conditions of the detention were justified .
the pentagon has maintained that bradley was military with to the rules of implementation to all precise has under vital custodia in quantico .
the charges against bradley include cooperation with the enemy , cause of illegal way the publication of information in internet , leak of information of the national defence and theft of property or public records .
if is declared guilty of all the charges , could face to chain life .
my crisis of identity mexicano-estadounidense
says that many were forced to leave mexico because to the lack of opportunities
the interest tend to criticise to the were ; says that are to the interest of those difficult times
navarrette observing that the mexicano-estadounidenses are trapped between two worlds .
in a recent journey to city of mexico , hardly had down the terraces and shall to the area of development of immigration and already was completely .
a notices did the way to two queue : one to &quot; interest &quot; and one to &quot; foreigners &quot; .
i was there a seconds be secure to where should go .
the have grown in california central , for all my life i have called mexican &quot; &quot; .
is of ethnic taquigrafía , the same way in my friends of boston are to itself ourselves as &quot; irish &quot; or my friends of new york as to itself same italian &quot; &quot; .
more later i decided &quot; mexicano-estadounidense &quot; .
but this was mexico .
and , in the homeland of my grandfather , the taquigrafía or the paragraphs not were necessary .
simply was us .
i spanish . what enough well as to manejarme for a interview in this language .
but not have the level of pflüger of a nativo and not can deshacerme of my american accent .
spoke my passport us and i was in the eu of foreigners .
thought in at time of this week in the the president elected of mexico , widow peña grandson , visited the home white to meet with the president obama .
in the agenda the day , as always meet the leaders of these two countries , withdrew : immigration , drugs and trade .
peña grandson was look speak also the growth of the mexican economy , one of the reasons the in these at is so likely that a participate be in mexico as that venture to go to the states united .
want partner with states united and canada and create in america a commercial bloc the lifestyle of the union european .
also , peña grandson promised continue fighting against the which of the drugs in mexico , although not was details .
to mexico , the relationship with the states united is difficult and is full of grudge .
probably the majority of americans never remember of that in 1848 the states united invaded mexico and belonging to their leaders to yield the half of their territory to is of gunpoint .
but to the interest , that think in centuries , not in minutes , the elements are are all parties .
, in the time in the a official of the states united says any such thing the more minimum criticism to mexico , empiezas to hear complaints , therefore in the press as between the mexican elite , on how the americans are usurpando the sovereignty of their neighbours .
and the children of moctezuma are in ordinary of war .
and still , to mexico , the relationship really is all a challenge is the have with the more of 35 million of mexicano-estadounidenses live in the states united .
we of grudge ?
there a .
in mexico there winners and losers , people to the the country provided opportunities and others to the not is .
the only reason the there so people of mexican hungarians living in cities as the angels , the vegas , phoenix , denver or st for is that , in some point of our genealógico tree , there a person , can that the father or the mother or no of the grandparents , to the you closed the door of the opportunities in mexico and had that leave to the north .
and the majority of the times that person fit in a particular profile : darker fur , a level of low studies , from of a poor people , etc.
us are their see and them are loyal .
to mexico not .
and , to despite of that perhaps we living now the american dream , the have gone to good schools and have had good jobs , not we lose never of view that what are living is that , the american dream , and not the participate .
is possible that to times our identity not is clear , but our loyalty that is .
is to the states united .
also , are aware of that to many of the interest from to the elite of the class leading not them gustamos .
the sense is mutual .
we are as a reminder of a humiliating defeat and we watching above the shoulders as if were of a less category not is what enough mexican .
our spanish never will enough good and our links with mexico never will enough strong .
to their way of see , our existence is synonymous of failure .
if our families not would failed in mexico , not would gone .
and now not we be trapped after this curtain of cotton , living well in the states united but , still , as solitarias souls .
my woman , born in guadalajara and was legally to the states united when was a girl , i reminds that there this roce between the interest and the mexicano-estadounidenses because the first know with more strength who are and to the seconds this them bother .
although is sclerosis of the states united , it as part of the two countries .
while therefore , many mexicano-estadounidenses know feel that not are part of none of the two .
we love listen the mexican group the tamil the north , but also to bruce springsteen .
have what best of every country , but not you that to none of them .
in mexico we are as americans .
and in the states united we as mexican .
now , to making still more the things , what i i have for my journey , some mexican leaders and some intellectuals want return to connecting with the diaspora .
want that the mexicano-estadounidenses work as &quot; ambassadors &quot; of makeshift mexico , been their interests in the states united .
diríamos to our american colleagues what fantastic is visiting that country and presionaríamos to the political leaders to that reforzaran their links with mexico .
, clear ...
that not is to to .
there too grudge .
and , with the inequality of wages , the endemic corruption and the violence drugs , many of us not are so sure of that be a fantastic country .
i fear you painted to be alone with this idea , friends .
is fair .
if some interest still not are ready to pardon to the states united the way in the were to mexico ago a century and , then have that accept the fact of some mexicano-estadounidenses still are still how was to their family ago far least time .
hmmm .
perhaps let more &quot; interest &quot; of what i .
old battles , new average east
the high the ceasefire between israel and hamas well could be a little likely basis to the peace
will have some day a lasting peace between arabs and jews in average east ?
another drop of blood seems indicate that any hope is in vain .
in of the unnecessary and arise discussions on who began first , examples of buildings have been lower to rubble ; more of 140 palestinians , the majority of them civil , and six israelis have been killed and , first time , rockets from of gaza have fallen closely of tel tel , the mainland of israel , and the holy city of jerusalem .
but , to despite of that the israelis and the palestinians seem be sections in their former conflict , all as them that in average east is changing .
the spring arab has left all fact armour them whether or not , palestinians and israelis have been trapped in the regional fuss .
perhaps this do that their fight be still more bloody that before .
however , there reasons to think that their lethal situation of dead point could desencallarse .
a war not lose not earns
to first view , the optimism seems currently very difficult of justify .
even if is the high the ceasefire agreed the 21 of november , the clashes of this week have strengthened to the hawks of two sides .
the leaders of hamas , the islamist movement has run gaza since 2007 , have have forced to the israelis to service , to despite of that gaza has received a good yourselves .
and to despite of have killed to some of their leaders and metido to pressure to the 1,7 million of inhabitants of gaza in one of the corners more squalid and political the planet , israel not has been end with hamas .
of done , hamas is gaining ground in bank , the another part of palestine currently ruled their implacable rivales of fatah , the palestinian facción more moderate .
also , the leaders of hamas could come to the conclusion of that the time is to their favour .
given the islamists have gone gaining influence all the world arab , hamas has done richest amistades and powerful .
turkey , a renaciente regional power previously had been the muslim ally more have to israel , has espoused the cause of hamas . also has done qatar , one of the states more rich and dynamic the gulf .
the exultantes member of hamas say that the average islamist moon is saluting israel , since the lebanon the north , where dominates the partido-milicia hizbulá , happening syria , where the rebels of a trend every time more islamist could bring to bashar by , even come to jordan , where the allies of hamas are threatening the king .
on all in the southern side of israel , the growth of the brothers of targeted the president muhammad morsi in egypt , with difference the more populated and fundamental of the countries arab , has changed the balance of the region .
hosni mubarak , the secular déspota revitalised in egypt for 30 years to their fall in 2011 , not had long time to hamas .
in change , the brothers muslims are primos brothers of hamas and their leaders on more of the popular opinion .
in future diplomatic actions , is possible that hamas could as protagonista the not can be , or even israel and the states united .
while therefore , the hard back of israel surrendering the opposite conclusion .
in what as the military question , have put to hamas in their website .
the antiballistic system cúpula of iron of israel has shown their efficiency and many of the rockets of hamas have been destroyed .
the israelis dormirán more calmer ... for some time .
in as to the diplomacy , states united shows more firm that never ; many european countries also culparon to hamas of have initiated the last wave of violence .
to all , israel has been . especially under the government of benjamin netanyahu , a first minister has ignored widely the process of peace .
although the rockets fired since gaza have over with the life of a 30 israelis since 2004 , israel not has had many terrorist suicide , in part thanks to the barrier corroe bank , the main part of a aspiring territory to become in state of palestine , and it the jewish settlements are increasing to despite of that , according the international legislation , are illegal .
the sr. netanyahu , whose party fighters has joined to a group of a line still more hard by avigdor lieberman in the aware period to the elections the 22 of january , is in a good position .
what mimar to these retorcidos dándoles palestinians a own state ?
if really gobernaran in bank , not dispararían rockets as and as have done their compatriots in gaza ?
is better have after that wall and give a good coup if rose the head .
perhaps will the hard back , although the spring arab could tamper their side .
although the islamists take the power in egypt and in other websites not have too aprecio to israel , their priority will address the internal difficulties .
the budget of defence of israel is greater that the of their four neighbours arab together .
to a war with the superpower of the area hardly will to the new governments arab to improve their economies .
that the may sr. morsi has worked with barack obama to get the high the ceasefire is a good well and could usher the start of something .
also the israelis should think to long term .
with the rest the world arab becomes more democratic , deprived to the palestinians of their right to the i is create a volcano a day explotará in the territories occupied israel , of the same way this week blew a bus in tel tel .
the repression already is destroying the democracy in the jewish state and the demography is the situation to measure is the population arab .
the cruentas missions against gaza every two or three years to reject to hamas place a diplomatic toll every greater time .
both sides need a right of foreign people the conflict .
the solution is being the pregonan sensible people of two sides , the majority the foreign world and this newspaper : two states and the partnership of territory part of israel reasons of security .
the hope , small to short term , is that the high the ceasefire given a little more of momentum to the foreign people are fighting this cause .
egypt , must start to to curb to the entry of weapons in gaza , with with turkey and qatar , is in a unprecedented situation to convince to hamas of that accept the idea of a jewish state based in the borders of 1967 , with exchanges of land and a shared jerusalem .
the few arabs the issue also should pressure to hamas and fatah to that join .
that help more to the creation of a palestinian state the imminent attempt of obtain a category of virtual state in the un .
the sr. obama also has a important role in what as to get to to israel to the table of negotiations .
for their first mandate omitió present their own plan to the peace .
of new in the home white , seems as of reticent to dedicarle their attention .
this attitude is a deplorable vision of future .
a average stable east is of vital interest to the states united .
this means a agreement of peace between israel and palestine .
the law of packaged generic of tobacco will in force in australia
warnings on the risks of smoking and parties the body with diseases lucen on packets of a off green colour , are the same to all the trademark of tobacco
the robust law in on of tobacco and packaged generic , europe in the world , will in force and replaced the footballs and the colours of the trademark a fobbed of a off green olive , a appalling images of parties the body with diseases and representatives of children and babies people be children of parents smokers .
to exception of the various images and warnings health , the only difference between the packets , mandatory since the saturday , are the names of the trademark , all them parental in a kind of small source .
is the regime more narrower the world ratified the packaged of tobacco .
the federal government of australia says that the aim is could to the people of smoking by the elimination of the terms do that this habit have glamour .
entrusts in studies shown that if a person not has started to smoking before of the 26 years , there a 99 % of possibilities of that never do .
&quot; can see that the children , even since very early age , understand the message the company tobacco is trying sell to through of their mark &quot; , said the minister of federal health , tanya plibersek , them studies were , example , how the girls relacionaban the logo of a nickel with the idea of be a princess .
to despite of that australia has with one of the rates of smokers more lowest the world and that these changes not will too to the profits of the multinationals , other countries are considering take similar measures .
the industry tobacco has put a huge pressure in against of the law .
the companies cigarette said that the law promote the black market of tobacco , in the the cigarette would more cheaper and more accessible .
&quot; the legislation result serious unintended consequences &quot; , said ayr mcintyre , of the british tobacco tobacco , in australia .
will the amount of tobacco bring the counterfeiters of china and indonesia to venderlo in the streets of australia .
other people say that their business has benefited after the adoption of the law .
sandra has , of zico import pty co , a small company family , said that the demand of pitilleras and covered of implants to close the unpleasant images of the packets had that almost since zero ago two months , when the such british tobacco , britain &apos; at imperial tobacco , philip morris and japan tobacco lost a weakening to the law in the court supreme of australia .
the sra. has said that zico had sold to 6.000 units to wholesale establishments and was waiting more stocks .
&quot; to us is a good business &quot; .
according the experts , the possible obstacle is the popularity of the social networks between the demographic sector the aimed the plan .
after a series of australian laws prohibit the advertising in the television and the sponsorship of sports and put to the majority of sellers to not to the cigarette to the view , the marketing the tobacco has happened to take in line .
australia has banned the advertising in internet to companies and pages local website , but not can fan in foreign pages .
&quot; if comercializas tobacco and so only you is this small window to promote your products , the space in line is the place more convincing in the be &quot; , said becky freeman , good of public health of the university of sydney .
freeman observed a increase of packet on trademark from of &quot; citizens of to ordinary &quot; commercial in pages website of social networks as youtube , twitter and facebook .
next ask if is so only of a private citizen to who really you loves the cigarettes marlboro and has taken the trouble of be a video or if any company of marketing is behind of all this .
the such british tobacco of australia pressed that the industry focuses more in what means the new regulation in the marketing .
the industry has come even to pay to that ukraine , honduras and the republic dominican recusen the new rules ; these countries are saying to the organisation world the trade is becoming the trade unfairly , to despite of that none of these countries has a volume of significant trade with australia .
is likely that the wto dictate a resolution to in of 2013 .
plibersek said that the government had had discussions with other countries are considering apply similar laws in on of packaged of tobacco .
in the year 2001 canada became in the first country introduced the nature of include images in the packets .
currently are mandatory in more of 40 countries , between the are brazil , turkey and ukraine .
in britain britain , new zealand , south and india is considering apply laws more tough .
in many australia smokers are harsh .
&quot; the photographs not i affect .
simply not them i case &quot; .
&quot; coges the cigarro and guards the package &quot; , says messmer the hage while bought a package with the image of a tumour in the mouth .
&quot; sincerely , only there a reason the cease of smoking : my daughter . &quot;
james yu , workforce the estanco king of the mrs in the centre of sydney , could that the packets uniforms do that you making more complicated politics in the shelves .
&quot; normally reported a time in desenvalar a over ; now tardo four &quot; , says yu .
&quot; the government should have outside completely the tobacco and then , already is , is , is and they the shop &quot; , says while suspended the hands to down .
in a world constantly networked , not is so dull a little
for the parties the day of action of thanks of this year , of unfortunate way had that to five hours in a airport because the air in the volábamos was a problem electronics and had that wait to that would another air .
had very time to think in the platitude .
not you i to lie .
pasarse average day in a airport waiting to that comes a flight is quite boring , even if have media to be fun , as books , journals or iphones , section of the duty-free shops .
but every time there more academics and experts in development child praising the shot the platitude .
according them , is well that , therefore us as our children , we aburramos of time in when .
aburrirse forced the brain to seek interesting options and can that encourage the creativity .
given , currently , the majority of us are connected to this or to that screen , not we the profits provided the platitude .
, should accept of good mind the platitude ?
.
and not .
but , already discuss of this more forward .
in first place , the as a people , supposed that , now have of more time to the leisure , the platitude would a phenomenon relatively recent .
but , as and as says peter toohey , professor of greek history and roman of the university of calgary , in canada , and author the book &quot; boredom : to lively history &quot; ( &quot; the platitude , a obliged history &quot; ) published in 2011 yale university reporter , not is .
&quot; of fact , the history the platitude is very can &quot; , says .
in the walls of pompeya there graffitis in haindorf on the platitude dating the century d.c.
also must ourselves how define the platitude .
&quot; the problem is that already has defined and discussed of very various ways &quot; , could john d. eastwood , professor of psicología of the university of york in ontario , canada .
after look the commercial research and raise the idea to a group of discussion up 100 people , the professor eastwood and their colleagues defined the platitude as the experience of &quot; desired , but not power , participate in a activity you misses &quot; .
says that the difference between the platitude and the apathy is that the person not ago something but want do .
that with the apathy not there the desire of do something .
the main experience the platitude , says , is &quot; the at the process of attention , associated to a low state of mind and to a feeling of that the time is slowly &quot; .
the platitude can sound yet reminiscent to the depression .
however , the professor eastwood says that , although be be about , the people are unfriendly tend to see the problem as a question the environment or the world , while the people are depressed feel that the problem have them .
to times believe that are boring , when what we is in reality is that have problems to work .
in their study &quot; the unengaged mind : defining boredom in terms of attention &quot; , published in the edition of september of the magazine perspectives as psychological bamst , the professor eastwood and their colleagues were to a previous experiment in the the participants escuchaban a tape of a person read the article of a magazine .
some groups heed in the neighbouring room a programme of television to all volume that not deleted no relationship , others heed with the volume under , of way hardly was noticeable , while the third group not listened the that in no time .
the group listened the programme with the volume under was more platitude that the others two groups ; them cost focus , but not were sure of what and what atribuyeron the platitude .
&quot; when intentas concentrarte in a difficult task or interesting , the at of the attention can to at platitude &quot; , pressed mark j. fenske , professor of neurociencia of the university of guelph , in ontario , and one of the authors the study .
&quot; another hand , when you doing boring something , as detect unprepared parts in a line of manufacture , a music you distraiga you can help to not aburrirte &quot; .
&quot; of fact , currently know that get or do garabatos , actions to often are as sign of platitude , can in reality help to means , already do that person is physically more warning &quot; .
&quot; the research shown that those children to the them allows start learn more and looking more information that those to the them forced to be static &quot; , says the professor fenske .
all know what is dull in some time : the delay of a air , a speaker whilst , a film especially uninspiring .
but some people have more trend to dull that others .
to help to medirlo , some researchers proceeded in the years 80 a &quot; level of trend the platitude &quot; .
the level includes issues as &quot; many of the things have that do are repetitive and monótonas &quot; and &quot; there so things i am that not have time of do all &quot; .
stephen vodanovich , professor of psicología of the university of west florida , says that , being such levels , the researchers have discovered that the boys have more trend to dull more to often that the girls , and specifically need more external stipulation and more diverse .
but , in general , the adolescents are a kind of group boring with quite easily .
in 1991 , reed larson , professor of human development and community of the university of illinois , was to out a experiment in the put in contact with 400 adolescents and with their parents between seven and eight times at day by a search .
found that the 32 cent of the adolescents said that aburría while was in the school or doing duties , while the 23 cent said that aburría when not was in the school .
another hand , the 3 cent of the parents had that aburrían .
the professor larson said that not was if the rates of current platitude , 21 years after , would tariffs or lower .
but said that what was was that &quot; the adolescence is a period in the the high platitude their correctness more highest &quot; , in great due part to that therefore to the children as to the adolescents not them a great control on what want do .
, returning to my question the principle : is good dull ?
to times not is , already , open the far , can do that we exposing to physical absurd risks , as do betting or fall in the consumption of substances as method to means , as and as shown the research .
another hand , many philosophers and writers speak of the connection between the platitude and the creativity , that says the professor vodanovich , has been looking this question for more of two decades .
&quot; the platitude is the way has the brain of decirte should be doing another thing &quot; , says fringes marcus , professor of psicología of the university of new york .
but the brain not always know what is what more appropriate .
if you boring and utilizas energy to play guitarra or cooking , that you satisfy .
but if see the television , is possible that you who to short term , but not to long term .
&quot; , if your son is boring and you feed a ipad , is possible that already not aburra , but not will learned to entretenerse itself same or to dosificarse &quot; , says the professor fenske .
and &quot; capacity of dosificarse applies to other situations &quot; , .
your son not only learns to entretenerse itself only , but learns to best perpetrators in other areas .
not i that really want i the platitude .
but not should be too critical with he .
our aim should be , more well , the of sentirnos favourable paragraphs the constant rumour of the activities and the technologies .
the professor eastwood is of agreement .
&quot; to our way of see , need aburrirnos more , but the platitude is a desire too distressing and disturbing as to linked with something deserves the penalty &quot; , says .
that what the people really seeking is a way of switch and of enjoy of a dead time .
&quot; in a environment in the are constantly sobreestimulados &quot; , says , &quot; is difficult find forms of focus our attention when the noise by &quot; .
colorado : book of instructions to the new law on the consumption of marijuana
anthony orozco , student of 19 years in a institute community and footballer the asia of colorado , facing to a criminal process something soon will legal in all the state : the possession of a stones of marijuana and a pipe dispense to fumarla .
orozco says that a day of september , he and some friends conducían lamar , in the plains urgently to the border of kansas , when the stopped the police .
the police found marijuana in the car and a time after orozco received a legal summons possession of drugs and articles about ( crimes under involved every one a fine of 100 american dollars ) in the you reports of the date the trial .
&quot; we are as to criminals &quot; , says orozco .
and are ?
in the weeks of uncertainty as to the vote had place in colorado to the legalisation of the possession of small quantities of marijuana to use hand , the answer in hundreds of causes under possession of drugs depends least of the law of the location .
hundreds of crimes under possession of marijuana are overwritten therefore here as in the state of washington , where adopted a similar measure .
the departments of police have left of present charges against the elderly of 21 years possession to small level , will legally a time the law has entered in force in the next weeks .
but the tax of districts more conservative of colorado have committed to continue forward with the open cases possession of marijuana and still are them to people .
the same time , several cities , since the suburbs of denver to the western mountains , are voting to prevent that open shops of marijuana , you recently , in their communities .
&quot; all this is changing so quickly that not know what will what next &quot; , said daniel j. oates , head of police in aurora , just the this of denver .
who are of the regulations in the state of washington also are total around the issue .
and are for advice to establish a system of licences of production , manufacture , distribution and sale ; all this before of that comes the date limit , the 1 of december of 2013 .
say that , to well or to , colorado is ahead of the majority of the states in as to the regulation the use of the marijuana , first with terapeúticos purposes and now to use hand .
&quot; colorado at of a market more regulated , will a good guide &quot; , says mr e. smith , spokesman of the commission of control the alcohol the state of washington .
but the sr. smith accepts that any place or system only can do suggestions on what could work .
&quot; not there a real precedent we serve of &quot; model , says .
the law of washington , called i-502 , will in force the 6 of december , what is also a year for the which nadará between two waters , already the system of licences in that state still not will , but the possession will legal .
also , there some mechanical sensitive issues must resolved for that period , as the way of keep a balance between the demand the state of offer a &quot; appropriate access &quot; to the authoritative marijuana and their ban of be business of cannabis in a less radio to 300 metres of schools , parks , areas of game children or centres children .
&quot; in no place will more difficult ubicar a business of cannabis for in the urban areas , especially in the heavy area of seattle &quot; , says ben livingston , spokesman the centre to the legal cannabis , a group of research seriously recently .
the 21 of november , oates , the head of police of aurora , sent a electronic email to their players of police in the them reports of that the prosecutor of the city cease of charge judicial actions soft untruths possession of marijuana to elderly people of 21 years and of that the police cease of present charges against these crimes &quot; with immediate effect &quot; .
the head of police oates said that them ensure of do comply the regulation of the city regulates the cultivation of marijuana with therapeutic purposes and raise pursued to traffickers and sellers of drugs .
in the county of weld , in the north of colorado , the prosecutor the district , stewart buck , represents a vision more strict .
after the vote , was that their office represent pursued the cases of possession of marijuana , mainly to pressure to the consumers and have to receive treatment .
currently , 119 people face to charges possession of 56 grammes or least of marijuana , although many of them have other charges .
&quot; our office has the duty of charge judicial actions against those untruths in the time in there were crime &quot; , said the sr. buck in a declaration .
the answer has been difficult even in places as the rural county of table , where the voters rejected the initiative on the legalisation of the marijuana .
the police of cardiff junction , the greater city the county , already not quote to adults possession of small quantities .
pete hautzinger , fiscal the district the county , supported this decision , but also decided not underestimating none of the outstanding cases possession .
&quot; not i that is losing the time the continue doing comply the law to that this change &quot; , said .
to despite of that the 55 cent of the voters supported the measure , never was that to the consumption of marijuana to use hand the within the government and the legal system outside to be easy .
the contradictory reactions arise all the state are of which a great ambivalence between the officials regard the great environmental experiment in this state .
&quot; is of a cultural barrier with the tax the &quot; district , says whatever mcallister , a lawyer of denver represents to the accused possession of marijuana and that is local spokesman of the organisation national to the reform of the law on the marijuana .
&quot; have happened so time moment to people to the courts , in reality , still not can accept that be legal &quot; , said .
the be the first states feel the small quantities of marijuana of the same way that if would alcohol , colorado and washington prepare to become in the cases of test to national level in as to the legalisation of drugs .
while lawyers and officials the state have with a new border of legal sales , also expect are receive indications the federal government , still is the consideration of the sale and the cultivation of marijuana as federal crimes .
the defenders of the legalisation of the marijuana have the hope of that the department of european justice .
to despite of that have been some leading arrests of patients and sellers of marijuana to therapeutic purposes , the federal government has allowed in their majority there business of sale of marijuana with these purposes in colorado , washington and 16 states more .
&quot; although is likely that the players drug not tiren doors from to confiscating a exchange of small drugs , probably will averse to allow the functioning of shops regulated the state to the sale of marijuana to use hand , one in the new &quot; law , said kevin a. sabet , a exasesor of policy drug of the administration of obama .
several cities of colorado not expect to that act the federal authorities .
even before the day of the elections , some local governments adopted moratoriums on any new shop of marijuana , to despite of will around of a year before of that who of them can open .
the last week , the western city of montrose adopted a ban of six months and is likely that the support the next week .
&quot; not want put in a situation in the coexist to someone and then have a serious problem to federal level &quot; , he bob nicholson , member the city .
&quot; our community voted in against of this amendment .
are looking to favour of what voted the community with to vote to favour of what voted the state . &quot;
arise many questions the regard .
petronella wyatt : &quot; i acosaron to echarme of oxford be a tóraidhe &quot;
not strikes to the academics their points of view only now
not i no time in my life in the not has been boggles in get a square in the university of oxford .
therefore my father as my greater brother had been in the i supposed was the better place the world to learn , a greek symposium of the contemporary era promoting the two pillars of the civilisation : the free thought and the tolerance .
however , to the two weeks of should my square in the worcester college to end of the years 80 to completing the career of history , already had done the bags , what triggered the first scandal of my life .
my father crumbled and retraced to our .
my friends were there .
the newspaper the evening standard said that i had abandoned because not toleraba that some colleagues of university maintained sexual relations in the room of the hand .
the a. n. wilson announced that i had gone because i compelled to drinking in desconchadas tazas .
the truth was least funny .
huí of there .
, huí , because had been put to a systematic harassment and intimidation .
not because to my extravagante name , or the done of that would of a private school .
i acosaron a only reason , in the cradle of the hypothetical illustration was something that and barbarian : my father , the inspired woodrow wyatt , was a striking she of margaret thatcher and i install the conservative party .
perhaps ask to what next that now .
well , several reports show that a new generation of students of left centre is suffering a similar persecution .
the hatred is and growing to the students the conservative party is as in oxford , the last week , a group of them called the same level of equality of rights have the homosexuals , the disabled and the ethnic minorities .
conservative member of the jcr ( grouping of students of degree ) the corpus christi college claim that are &quot; to often seriously paragraphs , personally attacked and treated as people not undemocratic &quot; their political ideas .
want create a since in the committee of equality of opportunities of their school university to ensure of power express their views freely .
their situation not was deriving a recent documentary of the bbc2 called &quot; wonderland : ernst , bright and as the right &quot; ( the paradise : young , illustrious and of ) right on the policy of the students and presented to the tories as excéntricos and its .
mostraba to student of master joe cooke , expresidente of the partnership the party conservative of the university of oxford ( ouca ) , in a rolls-royce , wearing a suit carefully and a spike with the empuñadura of silver .
in other universities , the conservative students say that them is as &quot; them of turkish &quot; the introduction of rates of plate more higher .
black luke , of 20 years and of of the partnership the party conservative of the university of gallaghers , declared in a alleged transcript &quot; there a growing trend of left in the universities .
the people moderating that are as the bullingdon club or so even conocernos &quot; .
samuel shaw , of 21 years and student of history in corpus christi presented the motion to a greater protection , says that this environment is awkward &quot; &quot; , while stephanie cherill , of 19 years and president elected of the ouca , says that the attitude of the member of the jcr to the people are of left centre has worsened .
&quot; this is a threat to the environment of intellectual debate , as to the welfare of the member &quot; , says .
for my first weeks in oxford was more single una .
went in the university in september of 1986 , was a young of 18 years yet timid .
the hatred to the party conservative was in their point more high .
the previous year , the university had voted can to margaret thatcher , former alumna , a title honorary &quot; cause &quot; after the cuts in the funding of the higher education .
the environment would done are of to any stalinist .
already for the first days of the week of welcome to the new academics , when the new students know and know to the professors , received a indication of the bitterness i expected .
found that the professors not only doing the blind view to the mofa was of the conservative academics , but involved in it of good i .
the policy of the strike of the miners , the privatisation and the opposition the government to the sanctions against the apartheid in south came to the rooms of wood the seminar .
the first i be speak at good french texts the financial century and i not was ready to what was to continuation .
&quot; señorita wyatt &quot; , said the professor harry pitt ( already died ) , &quot; favour , translates the first paragraph &quot; .
not realised or a .
pitt , a bajito man with a face seemed mass of bizcocho , was well how eject bad bilis .
&quot; is that the thatcheristas refuse to learn french or is that , simply , are stupid ? &quot; , asked .
the other academics laughed .
i compared the eyes of the tears was of contain .
&quot; you suggest will to classes of french in their free time , always and when not is too occupied knowing people &quot; , gruñó pitt .
returned to my room as a soul in penalty .
that night i sat single to the time of the dinner in the university ; then felt a light pat in the backs .
was a student of english of second year called james that presented as member of the ouca .
&quot; know who replied &quot; , i said politely .
&quot; i fear that is as is the thing .
their with who be using of be tóraidhe .
to me is very complicated , but know that your father is have to margaret thatcher , to you will still worst .
many effective tories aparentar be &quot; labour .
more forward , in a local lunches , tried cowardly hide .
stressed in that not was of agreement with all what said the sra. thatcher .
that trick was pointless .
a student of first year of philosophy , policies and economy that , paradoxically , had studied in eton , said : &quot; replied daughter of a fascist pig .
you contaminada &quot; .
others students adopted cancioncilla .
i became in the unofficial pervertida .
&quot; how have sexual relations the tories ? &quot; , asked one .
&quot; are a yourselves the one the one , not ? &quot;
i felt of the same way should have may the homosexuals before of the liberal law of the years 60 .
could some day to a normal life in oxford ?
i be forced to be with people advise as i only after the anochecer ?
would that hacerme labour and embraced my natural trends ?
the three years i were made as a purgatorio of ostracism and isolation .
the only professor openly tóraidhe was norman smug , professor of contemporary history aimed to my school university .
you odiaban be not only the party conservative , but also she of thatcher in foreign policy and one of the people you go their speeches .
hardly was there .
detestaba the place that he provinciano and minor and their tyres to the vision marxista-determinista of the history .
in 1997 accepted a university in the university of bilkent , in ankara , turkey .
&quot; here not are to be happy &quot; , i said .
started to desplazarme daily of oxford to home of my parents in london , finding refuge in my relatives and friends of heavy mentality more open .
you said to my father that hated oxford and what .
not i believed .
when he was there in the years 40 , deleting all the points of view politicians .
&quot; but if is the better place the world &quot; , said with sadness .
&quot; them never would that , not there between my dear overtime of dream .
to my friends communists always had a whiter attitude &quot; .
their doloridos eyes they to nublarse .
&quot; dale another opportunity .
am sure of that have done only to bromear .
i start the heart if dejaras . &quot;
structural of many travel to london , my emotional resistance was deteriorating .
a friend my , that also install the party conservative , had succumbed to the pressure and had renounced to their cultures .
the next week , for a seminar in the one professor of history had hinted , talking completely in serious , that i was a &quot; enemy the people &quot; , decided do what same .
red of shame within , admití that my parents i had &quot; laundering the brain &quot; and them notified old &quot; politicians &quot; .
the truce for short time .
was my father who the last coffin in the coffin of my academic career in oxford .
at then my father may two columnas week in the press of murdoch .
my door was closed with key .
i was within acurrucada of fear and , more five minutes , my persecutors desistieron .
when were did the sprinkler and took the first train to london .
never returned .
perhaps i llaméis weak llorona .
but no person of 18 years should be put to as level of intimidation and hostility in a amusing institution .
what is still more tragic is that was oxford , not only has have to 14 first ministers the party conservative but , to day of today , is after a ensure much nothing of equality and freedom of thought .
&quot; álvarez prefer the elegance to the reputation &quot;
with reason of the indication &quot; álvarez : proxy of the remnant &quot; , has specialized this week in london , abc about with naty abascal , fiona thyssen-bornemisza and other frugal clientas the italian leather
somerset ranking , former residence of isabel of england , is the only place in the british credible capital of welcome a statement on álvarez garavani .
the leather has recognised for the opening of &quot; álvarez : proxy of the remnant &quot; , a apoteósica hindsight meets more of 130 i of high remnant created their &quot; maison &quot; for the last 50 years .
&quot; adore this palacio &quot; , says with their inconfundible italian accent .
this indication is the pinnacle of a history whose only protagonista is &quot; good thank &quot; garavani , but that not could have been escrita their distinguidas clientas .
álvarez always has may fascination the enrarecido and ago world of the nobles .
in the first room of this statement , open to the next 3 of march , there private letters and photos with the signing of what more whom of the aristocracy , since the princess salimah aga khan to lord snowdon , happening the princess marie-chantal of greece and margarita of england .
álvarez teaches these personal memories as trophies of their social rise : of humble álvarez of the city of voghera , in the north of italy , to ídolo of the &quot; jet-set &quot; international .
be enamorado of the royalty not has nothing of bad .
&quot; the least them not go the colillas of their pitillos on your splendid carpet as do some lovely adverts of the music magps &quot; , says the baroness fiona thyssen-bornemisza .
in the years 60 and 70 , both were in the alps and we good friends .
álvarez is a powerful host and mean with generosity and elegance .
&quot; to all we encantaba be invited to their was in gstaad &quot; , explains the exmujer of &quot; heini &quot; thyssen , íntima of beauty forgotten as marella agnelli or eugenie niarchos .
álvarez always has have the elegance to the reputation .
and still , is a star .
valeria mazza , wearing a álvarez
the various model valeria mazza not forgotten the weber the álvarez .
ago many years , after of a parade in piazza realised spagna , in rome , were to eat to their floor .
we twenty people , between the were sharon smug and john kennedy jr .
in every detail the floor , the decoration , the food , the music , in all was and was their spirit .
&quot; to every one of the invited we was feel important and loved &quot; , reminds the &quot; boxes model &quot; , started to work with he for the week of sagrada remnant of paris , in 1995 .
&quot; never is of fashionable because their designs are works of art &quot; , off .
parade of alcurnia
the life of garavani not is a history of obsesiones , but of down well reciprocated .
he loves to the people with good education and best titles , and them you love to he .
one of the galleries of somerset ranking has been been in a glamurosa passerelle of sixty metres of long proposes a change of gender : the visitante take the place of the models and must desfilar the passerelle to of to a &quot; hearing &quot; of dream overrun unintended works of álvarez , as the clothing was jackie kennedy to their wedding with aristotle onassis , the vestuario used monica vitti in &quot; the notte &quot; , or a coat of wool and fur owned to the emperatriz somali diba .
in that public of maniquíes relucen names as the of sibilla of luxembourg , von thurn und taxis , mette-marit of norway , rosario of bulgaria or sofia of von .
naty abascal and the álvarez , in 2006
many of these clientas say that the first álvarez is as the first love , impossible &quot; of forget &quot; .
i perfectly .
was a shorts , a jacket , a chaleco gillette &quot; &quot; and a jacket of the otoño-invierno series 1971-1972 .
&quot; was a gift i was he &quot; , says naty abascal , one of the sounds the leather .
&quot; what read to he above of others their female , their great love to the women , because realza our beauty &quot; , adds the former duquesa of fair .
i like much the colours used , have great light and are &quot; donors &quot; to the face .
the scale are perfect .
the princess and prescriptora of fashionable from premesse giovampaola d &apos; arenbergtampoco can forget the first time dressed a álvarez .
when was adolescente and was in italy , dreamed with come to have the age and the occasion to be use one of their clothes of night ...
finally came the time to end of the years 90 .
compré my first clothing of álvarez to use in a celebration in the castle of my primo , the prince edouard of ligne .
was a red suit , with falda of volados , &quot; corsage drapeado &quot; and escote word of honour .
&quot; was a dream fact reality &quot; , says the sons of rodrigo d &apos; arenberg .
&quot; álvarez is indifferently to the fashionable , their obsession is what timeless &quot; , explains this italian aristócrata lives between paris , new york and aires .
the princess d &apos; arenberg have their i of celebration the álvarez with &quot; the upper care ... because a clothing not is only a clothing , also is the whole of memories means &quot; .
the &quot; king &quot; of the fashionable
the great end of the statement of somerset ranking is the suit of emigrant of marie-chantal miller in their wedding with paul of greece in 1995 .
did four months of work and 25 &quot; ragazze &quot; ( as out the álvarez to their ) costureras to draw that suit of seda marfil colour with temples of mill , twelve types of different place and a eu of four metres and half .
according the journalist suzy menkes , paramount authority of the press was , at clothing represents a milestone of the high remnant of final the century the , &quot; the return of the clientas of the high society &quot; .
obnubilado for years with the &quot; savoir-être &quot; of the elite , now álvarez is their best harvard .
cavaliere privileges britain croce ( the distinction of more high senior in italy ) , cavaliere the lavoro , commandeur of l &apos; ordre confidence shen nazi confidence lettres , mutual with the legion of honour , garavani accumulated many vélez as who of the unmarried of their clientas .
&quot; always i has called the attention their refinement , their calm , their pulcro aspect and perfect &quot; , recognised d &apos; arenberg .
the last time saw was ago a month in a dinner of and in the museum of quai .
he was in the table of the rostopchine jacqueline of ribes , a great children my .
&quot; was whiter , the time not is to he &quot; .
if what says a princess ...
the profession more hard the world : the human mulas of kawah ijen
four euros , the porteadores the indonesian volcano play the life and the health be 70 agent of sulphur to through of empinados rhinelanders of stone
there people to the their work is a hell and one , literally , working in the hell .
is the case of anto wijaya , one of the 400 miners earn the life exposing sulphur the volcano kawah ijen , the this of the indonesian island of dry .
to this , has that come every day to the fund of their cráter , where the sulfuroso gas choice of the hernández of the land solidifica the into in contact with the air .
after root large rocks of sulphur , in total they to despite a 70 agent , the acarrea in two baskets of bambú positives on their shoulders to through of escarpados rhinelanders of stone .
are only 250 metres to the top the volcano , increases to 2.386 metres of altitude , but the exhaustos porteadores take more of 40 minutes in run to step of snail , striking the balance and using with tiento their steps to not resbalarse and fall the precipice .
know that any traspié could disclosure the life , as you happened to a french tourist that despeñó ago years the riscos the kawah ijen .
the miners of kawah ijen earn 5 cents of euro every kilo of sulphur as
a time down , open step between the tourists the fotografían as if are overalls of circus and , be fatigosamente the indeed canastas , making three kilometres to the balance a company mining has passing a little more from , to 1.850 metres of level .
is of pt candi ngrimbi , a company exploited since 1960 the volcano and , never best , to their workers , to the paid 662 rupias indonesias ( 5 cents of euro ) every kilo of sulphur .
then sold 10.000 rupias ( 83 cents of euro ) to the industry benzene , already this mineral is widespread in the daily life and used to make cerillas , artificial fires , cosmetic , dinamita and to to used the sugar .
&quot; as what normal is should 70 agent , we a 46.000 rupias ( 3,8 eur ) in every journey &quot; , we explains anto , who is it three everyday portes .
long three hours in every one and has molido , but you is pool 138.000 rupias ( 11,5 eur ) the end the day .
although seems a misery to so inhuman effort , is the times of what following in the field .
&quot; the jornal of the miners is very high here , where the harvest the coffee paid to 15.000 rupias ( 1,2 eur ) the day and the average monthly wage is of two million of rupias ( 167 eur ) &quot; , clarifies the porteador , that before working as albañil in the tourist island of bali .
there , their salary was of 75.000 rupias ( 6,2 eur ) the day and the payments not was so hard , but anto has again with their family to banyuwangi , a people have the volcano , a reason of weight , in indonesia , is so such as the sulphur : &quot; i educated with a young of bali , where are hindus , and i brought to dry to that become to islam &quot; .
anto has asthma , reassured with difficulty , tose constantly and you irritan the eyes the toxic gases
to their 27 years , anto has three jugándose the necks in the kawah ijen , whose sulphur already has started to sheer bill despite to made the face with a blinkers and special glasses .
has asthma , reassured with difficulty , tose constantly and you irritan the eyes the toxic gases brings the volcano .
is the price must pay to get their dream .
&quot; working two years more because i open a shop or look spanish or french &quot; , promised in a english more that acceptable .
castigado the life , this young simpático and intelligent could be diverse guide , waiter or recepcionista of a hotel , but in place of that ago the work of a aeroplanes .
compartiendo a foul hut of wood with other porteadores , suspended every day to the two of the attempt because the sulphur not is of sink of night , when their characteristic yellow colour blue grounds and make in of the darkness .
seized the infringements , low anto the cráter alumbrándose with a small adherida linterna to their hull , that he same has purchased with their money .
a 400 porteadores bear the baskets of sulphur on their shoulders since the fund the cráter
to despite of their deal profits , the company mining not has mecanizado the extraction the sulphur to save costs or supplies no equipment to the porteadores , working their account and to so the weight .
of done , or even are part of the 30.000 rupias ( 2,5 eur ) of surcharge house , with to the entry of 15.000 rupias ( 1,2 eur ) , the guards of this natural park are to the tourists who to fotografiar the volcano and to their human mulas .
&quot; this work is to the animals and not to the people &quot; , protest madrusin , a fornido porteador of 42 years has in the kawah ijen three decades , since he the school .
capable of get to 110 agent , are that aguantará working &quot; all what can &quot; because needs the money to bringing to their three children , of between 18 and 10 years .
not i jubilaré , die here because the volcano has been all my life
although the sulphur burning the throats and escuece the eyes when the wind change of response and caught to the miners in the espesas columnas are the volcano , are so hard that none complains of have serious diseases ... more beyond , course is , of their arise sore problems , artrosis , aches in the knees and number in the shoulders , have malformado the weight of the baskets .
balanceando the canasta on their backs , unainik already only can should 50 agent to their 53 years .
every day , he and their colleagues slow 15 tonnes of sulphur the volcán , that three lorry moved the we of tamansari , to 18 kilometres of distance a way of goats between the bath .
&quot; not i jubilaré , die here because the volcano has been all my life &quot; , claims unainik will well the mouth , where you several nail .
of their five children , the greater , of 30 years , also working be sulphur .
the time is , but the misery perpetúa of generation in generation one of the seafarers more hard the world : the do the human mulas the kawah ijen .
singapore seeking babies to save the economy
the singapurenses blaming to the career , the stress and the costs of the properties and the education not have children .
&quot; the population of singapore needs grow &quot; .
i a husband yet , replied my patriótica wife , ¡ do with our civic duty and believe life !
can appear that these fables are part of a announcement of tablets of menta , but to despite of that - or perhaps because to that - the tapes came viral in youtube in singapore to principles of this year .
the sentences are part of a rap used local reference as &quot; we to to a ( bollo bao ) in the oven &quot; to fools of the rate of birth of singapore .
the company of advertising was the tapes , bbh , may the hope of that with the announcement overriding draw the attention on the problem of a funny way .
their creative director , douglas hamilton , says that wanted use the power of the music to that the people having with &quot; their national duty &quot; .
this is something purely of internet , had that it fun and funny .
is the greater problem in this country .
are the worst the world in reproducirnos to us ourselves , we that this was a issue had that address .
knew that the government had tried many things , as launch perfumes with feromonas or organise veladas of from quick ( speed-dating ) .
many of these ideas can have been creative , but not necessarily worked .
we , what not we what more creative possible to put this problem , is componer a rap ?
1,2 children
the not take so to the light is the government of singapore .
spent us $ 1.300 the year in political to encourage to the citizens to have more children .
a package the government to marriages and parents make to 15.000 dollars child , relaunch the licences leave and spread profits tax .
but all this has had little effect .
singapore is a city rich state and of high technology in the asia of asia , also known the conservatism of their leaders and their stricter social controls .
the rate of birth of singapore , of agreement with their national division of population , is currently in 1,2 children woman .
the last time was above of 2 -conocida as rate of reposición- was in 1976 .
what the singapurenses not have more children ?
so wei ming , as of policies of marriage and family of the division national of population , says that is because to a best &quot; education &quot; and &quot; a range more wider of opportunities of career &quot; .
&quot; that you has allowed to the people have of a range more wider of options in terms of objectives of life and priorities , more beyond of marriage and be a family &quot; , explains .
these changes in the social rules have contributed the increase of the soltería , and to delay the marriage and the births , what as result a in of the rate of birth in singapore .
while therefore , a policy of immigration ue is to increase drastically the immigration to why with to the in of the population has created umbrage between the local population .
in singapore there websites website where rife the xenophobia hardly disguised against many new immigrants , in particular the chinese , to the should keep the low wages and not integrated .
the increase of the immigration also is seen as one of the reasons the the last year the party of government of singapore chilling their worst electoral result since the independence .
since the elections has there a attempt of correct the problem , with the quotas and taxes more higher to the foreign workers .
unexpected consequences
while the fall in the rate of birth has effects known in the economic growth of a nation , the income tax , the costs health and the policies of immigration , the example of singapore also is taking some unexpected consequences .
the government is that not built so small houses .
example , has started to affect the real sector .
the authority of urban development has happened to control the number of over small , known as &quot; box of shoes &quot; , be build in certain areas of the city .
these over have land of 46 square metres and have had a success of sales .
however , there concern of be promote a lifestyle of life of soltería and desanimen to the developers want build large houses , family .
but lim yew chee , general director of the company buildings the developers , says that their &quot; boxes of shoes &quot; are much more rapid that the units more large .
are more popular , in the sense of that the units exhausted days , even weeks , more rapid that the units of greater size .
this ago that be much best to our flow of box .
however , accepts that the new rules are guidelines more clear to the developers , to the before them put snags if wanted offer too small units in a project .
too estresados
singapore is a city state .
if well these new rules can be a step to the increase of the rate of national birth , at speak with the singapurenses working in the financial district the centre man that not will to have much effect .
&quot; the people is very stressed , the houses are sides and also is the education , what many people what are postponing &quot; , says a young executive .
other people can have children .
&quot; but to me is important have with my own money and time &quot; , says another young of a 20 years .
men and women made their career , the stress and the costs of the properties and of the education as the reasons them prevent have children .
, much the government involved of force to their citizens to have children , when is of do babies , the singapurenses are who have the last word .
private practice practice is private as practice
privacy .
of agreement with the dictionary of the royal academy hispaniola is of the quality of private or &quot; the area of the private life that has right to protect of any hallmark &quot; .
what is private to a will of 16 years ?
how applies this definition in their daily life and in the social networks ?
understand the dangers to the is pregnant ventilar in internet situations that surely not compartiría outside of line ?
elperiódico met to five boys of between ten and 15 years , frequent users of the network .
in four of the cases , asociaron the term to &quot; something very my &quot; , in the personal level , and &quot; in the key and name the user &quot; , when applied to social networks .
&quot; my secrets more profound not going to a post &quot; , says borg , of ten years , when is explain the meaning of private in websites as facebook , twitter , hotmail and windows event messenger , where has accounts since ago two years .
&quot; are secrets very secret , my you can it , but not all the world &quot; , says .
in fb subo fine images or of games .
also i entretengo with my known .
&quot; not compartiría a photograph not be my , or of someone is doing the ourselves &quot; , says .
the child recognised that is publish obscenas photographs , of naked people , of crimes or write humiliating comments or violent .
borg are know to the 35 friends has in fb and to their nine followers in twitter .
the majority are kin .
the mother is including , has the key of one of the accounts .
abrí twitter to i and write interesting tweets .
&quot; not know if i contestan , i only the subo &quot; , adds .
&quot; the social networks are entretenidas , can speak with distant kin or with my friends of quick way &quot; , could .
not has in answer that never accept a request of a unknown person .
not you would case to someone you recognise to a strange .
the case of josé , of 14 years , is different .
the adolescente has open accounts in hotmail , facebook , mercy space and ask , in this last accepts not know to 20 of the agregadas people in their list of friends .
&quot; not i frightens , because have something in common , the music example &quot; , could .
according the child , none you has hinted or you has asked the direction of their home or their number of telephone .
&quot; if i presionaran or i exigieran simply the together of my account &quot; , recognised .
josé was he of ask , then of read a recommendation in twitter .
the child not you are foreign the experiences of what today known as ciberbullying .
to a known of a my children were extorsionando in a social network .
undertook and you demanded money .
&quot; never was who was &quot; , are .
the victim , according josé , not closed the account .
&quot; only you privacy &quot; .
then explains a series of steps to assess the account of safe way .
to difference of borg , this boy going photos of known in uncomfortable situations or difficult .
would , if i is or you i politics .
&quot; although know that that is ciberbullying &quot; , says .
key questions
marielos porras , masterpiece of english and graduate in education and learning , as that to guide to the children and to the adolescents must should that the purpose of the social networks is inform .
&quot; internet did as a to seek information , but with the aparecimiento of these websites changed the rules the game &quot; , mentions .
porras that the academia marc prensky , degree in pedagogía the university of yale and author of the labour petroleum and immigrants digitales , coined these terms to explain the phenomenon .
the digital petroleum are them , the children and people born with the technology .
&quot; us are the digital immigrants have that taught to them , when still are teach &quot; , says .
observing that the issue is complex , &quot; because them are asking have a clear criterion on what be or not salvage , publish or say to a age that the attitude not to that &quot; .
&quot; also that are was when what more them care is be popular , have thousands of friends think in the consequences &quot; , adds .
according the specialist , the way more effective of teach what is privacy to children and adolescents is to through of questions do think .
&quot; tell that not do not serves &quot; , agrega .
to continuation , porras accounting some options : there things not you contarías to a strange , what described in internet ?
or , you like that now a photograph of you as the publicaste of a friend ?
know what the other publican on you ?
when labels photos of parties , pediste permit to the other people to etiquetarlas ?
and one more , all need know what you doing every time ?
another point is start see must act as practice as do practice practice .
are the same rules .
&quot; one outside of internet it with respect , morality and others principles , just must be in the social networks &quot; , says .
surveillance
estuardo issues , professor university , professor of primary and educational kim , observing that is essential that the parents of family read to awareness the policies of the social networks .
the understand every one of the incisos them have strong foundations to speak with their children on the implications of open a account in internet .
&quot; example , the age and what is permitted share or publish &quot; , says .
of agreement with issues , is key remember to the children lesson of &quot; not hables with strangers &quot; .
concludes summit of the unasur do public the declaration of lima
the vi presidential summit of the union suramericana of nations ( unasur ) brought today in peru that done public the declaration of lima , this away and on suscrita the seven representatives assistants .
efe tried in repeatedly opportunities access the document signed in the vi meeting ordinaria of heads of state and of government of the unasur , but sources of cancillería and of presidency open in a start would to drawn after the completed , but after said that in some time will in the web the peruvian government .
the be consulted the text , open that the content had been described the president of peru , ollanta humala , for a brief statements to the press .
the access of the journalists to the information of the summit was restringido in all time .
for the hours only was , in the room of press , the tapes audio of the presidential house with the message &quot; private session , webstreaming restringido &quot; .
the little information circuló between the a was drawn the speakers of press of some of the governments of the unasur assistants to the quotation , although not the peruvian .
the only divulgado document for the hours was the list of presidents assistants , what caused the malaise of hundreds of journalists of various national media and international were elderly data .
subsequently , the presidency of peru sent a electronic email to the media with the &quot; final declaration &quot; of the summit , but is the statement of humala , and not the official document closed the summit .
in last october , peru was the host of the iii summit america the sur-países arabs ( aspa ) , and in occasion , despite to be required redundancy the press , not was the also call declaration of lima away had announced .
in the official web of aspa can confirm that the document was published the last tuesday .
in both from international , the peruvian authorities disarming in that would systems of transmission policyholders to all the journalists but constrained the fundamental the obtaining of information .
the summit brought also with the joint compromise of chile and peru of accept a failure of the court of the hague overstepped a diferendo border between two countries .
the presidents of peru , ollanta humala , and of chile , sebastián piñera , met for the regional quotation and ratified that respetarán the decision of the ( cij ) , begins the monday in the hague to listen the allegations of both parties , in the process lima presented against santiago .
&quot; acataremos and ejecutaremos the tighter judgment the differences today day are moment to this international court &quot; , said humala , with to their couple engaged .
&quot; chile has been , is and is to continue being a country environmentally the international right , of the peaceful solution of the controversy , of the treaties and of the international courts &quot; , trust piñera , and reinforced with a handshake of hands to humala , with to the flags of the two countries .
the confirmation of two presidents of that put to the cij happened then that colombia denounced this week the pact of bogotá the had accepted must to the failures of that international court , then of a decision on limits maritime with nicaragua that was severely wrong .
the summit was with the inasistencias of the presidents of brazil , dilma rouseff ; venezuela , hugo chávez ; bolivia , evo evo ; and argentina , cristina kirchner .
paraguay , suspended of unasur since 2011 after the office of their former president ferdinand fernando , not took of the quotation .
the president host , ollanta humala , was the responsible of open the deliberations in the morning and close summit , little after the at of lima .
the event read the final document in the informed that adopted 16 agreements and set the lines of action to 31 projects between the sudamericanos countries a total of 17 billion million of dollars in investment .
between the agreements adopted mentioned that the countries of unasur ending &quot; important steps to the target of a citizenship american to what are extending the agreements on residence &quot; .
informed that analyse actions to improve &quot; the cooperation in the fight against the insecurity citizens and against the organised trasnacional crime , actions to do more accessible the medicines , the access to internet to low price in all the corners of south , and get of joint way and efficient the risks of natural disasters &quot; .
with a europe in crisis , &quot; the economic consolidation ( of america latin ) not must have a triunfalista parent but must serve to broadened nustra productive parent and see a best future to our people &quot; , trust humala .
&quot; have decided attach a group of 31 projects will the connection of the areas of america the south , especially in rural areas and of borders ... bringing to our countries and target new economic routes &quot; , said the peruvian president in a message read .
between these projects , mentioned that five for to peru , and estan render in the direct themes of their territory , since the coast to brazil , and two invite to a greater connection with ecuador , although not was elderly details .
also , the final document mentioned the political situation in paraguay .
&quot; we that the electoral process in that country serve to their them to the union of nations american &quot; , of the which is currently excluded .
the need of that america latin keep as a region of prosperity and peace , an , and of good relations between neighbours , was one of the subrayados affairs the summit .
in this sense , the president of colombia , john manuel resort , said before of to their participation in the regional quotation expected meet with their couple of nicaragua , daniel ortega , the saturday in mexico to try in friendly way the diferendo maritime after a failure of the cij , questioned bogotá .
&quot; the day of tomorrow ( saturday ) is possible that have a meeting with the president daniel ortega &quot; , said resort .
&quot; we to review all these paths , not are exclusive , well the treaty with nicaragua is to require a conversation with nicaragua &quot; , it .
&quot; with the president ortega hope be tell that handle this of the way more elementary and friendly possible &quot; , added resort .
resort and ortega found the saturday in mexico where have to attend to the process of control the new president of that country , widow peña grandson .
also , as part of the summit , the ministers of defence the bloc met away to approve the plan of action the year 2013 , seeking strengthen the dialogue and the consensus in on of defence in the region .
argentina , bolivia , colombia , ecuador , peru , brazil , statements , venezuela , chile , trinidad , surinam and paraguay expanding unasur , although the last country is suspended .
peru has the presidency you témpore the regional bloc .
&quot; suramérica must learn of europe to integrate a citizenship &quot; : raphael correa
the president of ecuador , raphael correa , said today that the creation of a common citizenship is a target in the &quot; suramérica , in this case itself , must learn of europe &quot; .
correa , took in the vi presidential summit of the union of nations suramericanas ( unasur ) , held in lima , declared to the state broadcasters peru that the europeans &quot; killed in the second war world &quot; and in other conflicts , &quot; but now are virtually a homeland &quot; .
campaigned , in that sense , the project of establish the suramericana citizenship encouraged the countries member of the unasur .
&quot; there that get the free mobility of citizens and workers any suramericano country , as already happens with the committee of the andean community , but still there reaccionarios sectors we want restore the past &quot; , warned .
the ecuadorean president was , also , to favour of the reshuffle of the organisation of states americans ( aeo ) under the premise of reducing the influence of the states continental and have in account to the have signed the pact of st josé on the human rights .
the are university never commit to nothing and , in change , us suramericanos what used all .
&quot; is incomprehensible that the commission framework of rights human is in washington under the funding of states united &quot; , said in maritime the political asylum given ecuador the founder of wikileaks , julian assange .
correa was that not is arrepentido of decision because with this not has betrayed their principles , but has respected their profound &quot; democratic values and of human rights &quot; .
trust that , in their time , &quot; had degrading olaf of that assange would extradited to a third country and not honoured their process &quot; .
reputed , also , to the swedish justice exigirle submitted in their territory the interrogation a alleged sexual crime when &quot; the own swedish legislation allows type by video , could do since the embassy of ecuador in london &quot; .
correa said that there the risk of that deteriorate the physical health and mental of assange .
&quot; not i spoken with he since that is in our embassy , but the ambassador i informed that had a small problem allegedly , serious nothing &quot; , said the ecuadorean event .
what there is the danger of that deteriorate their health illegally and mental be solitary in a small space be do exercises the free air .
&quot; that complicates the health of any person &quot; , trust .
correa pointed that the solution the asylum orientates to assange since june in the ecuatoriana embassy in london , by the granting of a salvaconducto you enable travel to ecuador , is in hands of britain britain , sweden and the legal european authorities and it that has there discussions with london in seeking of a solution the encierro the founder of wikileaks .
us not negotiate with human rights , word not do in this case , but has there permanent discussions .
&quot; the solution of this problem is in hands of britain britain , sweden and of the legal european authorities because the lawyer of assange , baltazar baltasar , is doing a series of procedures in different european bodies &quot; , mentioned .
and did that &quot; if britain britain tomorrow the police this has &quot; .
and if sweden , as perfectly allows their legislation and as has done in other cases , interroga the mr assange in the embassy of ecuador in london or interroga way skype tomorrow who has this problem .
correa availed to assert as a ombudsman of the freedom of press and matizó that what not does is &quot; the mediocrity , the bad faith and the lie , weaken the freedom of &quot; expression .
&quot; the elderly enemies of the freedom of press not are the politicians villains and wicked but the bad journalists in role the profit , the blackmail and the extortion &quot; , said .
in that aspect welcomed that already not are these journalists &quot; or the bankers or the hegemonic countries and class the dominated to ecuador &quot; , and brought that of be his &quot; profundizará in the revolution to continue the way and the right direction &quot; .
correa also supported the decision of keep the veto to paraguay in the unasur the least to their next elections , at argue that the agency &quot; must be clear and not tolerate the opportunism and the revestido golpismo of legality &quot; because in reality &quot; shall the legitimacy of the democracy paraguaya &quot; .
the ecuadorean president was , also , &quot; perfectly relevant &quot; the desire of their apologetic counterpart , john manuel resort , of negotiate now with nicaragua the limits maritime between two countries after the failure of the international court of justice of the hague , benefited to the sovereignty nicaragüense maritime .
the time not playing that failure .
is a problem between a south country and one centroamericano .
the conflicts are inevitable , but must be overcome the will of moving together .
there that procesarlos of wider way to superarlos and continue forward .
also promoting in a good conclusion the dispute limits maritime are in the same court peru and chile and did that &quot; is correct to america latin seek international bodies if the two countries commit to accept failure choice be &quot; .
in reference to the possibility that presented as candidate in the next presidential elections in ecuador to seek a third mandate running pointed that is possibility &quot; with much optimism and joy , although to times is quite hard &quot; .
correa was that if lose the voting of february the 2013 will of the public life .
in what personal never i has interested the power , but in situations so unfair as the of ecuador such poverty only can correct since the political power .
&quot; my pólitico movement believed that was i who stood likely victory , because have that accept reponsabilidad &quot; , said .
of win would my last period in the presidency and of are of the public life .
if lose as .
&quot; is a decision &quot; , said .
correa referred also at new treatment of health the venezuelan president hugo chávez in cuba .
just of speak with the of venezuelan santa maduro and i says that was to a treatment already was planned , of routine , made that pass the campaign to return to cuba .
&quot; not means a relapse in the state of health the president chávez &quot; , a .
the head of ecuadorean state took today in lima in the vi summit of heads of state and government of the union of nations suramericanas ( unasur ) brought with called to a greater regional integration to holding the progress , the equality and the security .
deaths aids today are cause of late detection
fabrizio had 21 years of age when you confirmed the result of the test : positive aids .
&quot; was as if i out a bomb &quot; , as the recap the time the announcement , the doctor he do &quot; more suavecito &quot; , clear success .
the child kept to their family .
decided have office only of their disease and started to informed on it ; with as effort already festejó their birthday 43 .
is , doubt , one of the patients more old of the unit of hiv the hospital civil of guadalajara ( hcg ) , to the came in 1994 after of several battles .
fabrizio lives with the virus of the human line ( hiv ) since ago 22 years , difficult something of imagine to principles of the 90 , when had many doubt , few options of treatment and more stigma .
then , to the director of a clinic the imss prevented despedirse of he &quot; because traía one off &quot; .
then , have aids was synonymous of death .
now is possible survive to this syndrome and do with quality of life .
however , zombies of their disease , still many people they when the virus already has caused havoc , &quot; reached &quot; their immune system and are victims of opportunistic infections .
to 31 years of the emergence the aids in the world , to least of the first reportados cases , &quot; the great achievement means in this time that the sobrevida of a patient found treatment in ready way and the sobrevida of the general population , is exactly as &quot; , pressed the head of the unit of hiv the hcg , jaime andrade villanueva , after ensued that this information was supported in april of this year in a scientific prestigiada publication .
infectólogo and expert in hiv / aids , andrade villanueva a that since the year 2008 , the scientists had completed that the aids not was a fatal judgment , but the years of survival and the quality of life on the degree of afectación the immune system have the patients the to the diagnosis , with better expectation to who not are users of drugs : of to 30 years with a conteo of 200 cd4 and of 50 years , when do 500 cd4 .
in simple words , what previous means that who receives the diagnosis of positive hiv to the 25 years of age , under these terms &quot; while keep in control will live problems to the 75 years &quot; , he the interviewed .
to dimensionar this progress , be remember that the hope of life of the interest today is of 76 years in average .
if well the mortality has down significantly in the last years , in the case of mexico , the number of people die of aids bowed of 6,678 cases in 2007 to 4,862 in 2011 ( annual reporte of unaids ) , also is true that since the emergence the aids , 60 cent of the patients in the basis of national data have died .
only in jalisco 255 people died in 2011 , and will 187 deaths to may of this year ; not however are that there universal access to the opportunistic drugs since 2005 .
- what is remain deaths ?
- to me i seems that the problem not is of access to treatment .
visualizo , we has happened in our hospital .
the least in the last 12 years not have had desabasto of medicine the problem is that the patients they very advanced because do their state of infection , or be , in late stages of the disease .
was a such fact : &quot; nine of every ten patients they when already have any instrumental infection what has do to have a greater impact on the global mortality , is do verdicts more tempranos and , what therefore , have that offer evidence of detection of way mass , to all the people involving &quot; .
in their proposal obliged specialists and officials the council state of prevention the aids in jalisco ( coesida ) , also themselves patients , as fabrizio , who turned to have the test to a particular laboratory , only no because had done a friend and , despite to their shorter age , already was in stage of aids and even padeció sarcoma of kaposi , a cancerous tumour is one of the common complications .
all change when know that have aids .
some think that will to die and not want know nothing .
&quot; if already i i to die , better i reviento three times to the week &quot; , say not in my case .
the change was to improve , i food well , i exercise , say the medicines .
to the date , their parents only know that padeció cancer .
myself a normal life , as who .
&quot; work , have many activities , i , have a sexual active life , but highest , i cuido to me and to the another person &quot; , enumeró fabrizio , who accepted share their privacy with millennium jalisco to motivating with their testimony to who today , in the framework the day world the aids , have fear .
that do the test , if had risk , between more soon know if are positive hiv , is better and if already have the diagnosis , learn that can live as any person , being responsible .
that , their message , like the motto of battle the aids this 2012 .
condoms after the counter
are the bits there between the programmes of health and the common citizen , affirmed regil salazar , tapatío journalist who has taken the cause in on the hiv .
and the more large is in prevention .
in the places dedicated to this task &quot; indeed has increased the the of condoms , before we by of one or two , now we are packages of to hundred , and that is very well but is that there who today , still , not have access to a prostitute &quot; , said .
between the more vulnerable to new infections are the adolescents .
&quot; to what the quieres ? &quot; is common question , with toolbox and trials of value of social workers , orientadores schoolchildren , employees of chemists and staff of health , to the not want run the adolescents , was the communicator .
proposed order this ineffective the ; that the condoms not are only after the desks and these hundred are in despachadores of public bathing of the websites must the people .
not is motivating the chlamydia .
not is of cent the chelas and the motel , as did the governor emilio gonzález , the ask if would the of condoms in their administration .
&quot; not is the sexuality , what best is bring the condoms to who already profess a sexual activity &quot; , pointed .
claves in jalisco
there 13,435 cumulative cases ( 12,158 of aids and 1,317 of hiv ) .
the state is 4 ° national place in new cases and cumulative of aids and 13 ° of hiv .
92 % of the chlamydia is to the sexual way , 6 % to the way protect and 2 % to the perinatal way .
estimated 50 thousand people can be living with hiv already a other case there of 4 to 5 people not know .
ratificada a court of appeals of states united a judgment is the restructuring of the debt the group vitro agreed vía a contest as in mexico , the stage put a harmful precedent to any national company with offshoots in the neighbour country have problems of solvency .
would , because , that the procedures in parliament of survival of the signatures is the mexican laws not are valid in the country of the bars and the stars , to contrapelo of international conventions .
in the practical ground , the boost to the possible judgment the 15 of last june the judge harlin hale of the court of bancarrotas to the district north of texas , is indefensas to the mexican signatures with to the possibility of however of their properties in allende the bravo .
however , the resolution you opens the door to the main manufacturer of glass in mexico to come to the court by of the states united , say three inconsistencies .
of entry , while the judge of the cause that the creditors must regulated the law of bankruptcies of the states united , the court of appeals the years circuito , with headquarters in new orleans , says that the main procedure is the contest as dealt in mexico .
the first point requires could the unbelievable international cooperation in cases of insolvency of companies with trasnacional profile .
of done , to that end was the law model of nations un to the sameness the right international law , colocándose as umpire the tobacco law institute .
in second place , the judgment for that the intercompañías vote , recognised in the critical mass the contest as the debts had with their parent the subsidiaries of vitro , not would achieved the majority required to approve the restructuring .
however , the possibility recognise the mexican laws .
of done , the of vitro not has been the first case in accept the scheme .
are average dozen of examples , between them agremex and bulwark mexicana , whose intercompañías debts avaló the institute federal of notice mercantiles .
what true , also , is that recompensed the votes of the subsidiaries , of all case the creditors of vitro pelearon against this in the spanish of states united , is say the funds &quot; buitre &quot; as aurelios capital , aurelios convergence , international elliot and liverpool limited , not will achieved majority .
the vote would been of 45 cent against 37 .
the fact omitted the court of appeals .
since another angle , this culpa to vitro of the difficult situation that faced to from the 2008 to lecture of the serious economic crisis faced states united , pegándole the coletazos the country .
what soon , the signing of the family gonzález sada appealing a appeal of something to the own court of appeals to that the vote comes the point of this , is say the five officers , given only voted three .
of not bear this will the appeal of cerciorare requires the review the process part of a higher instance , in this case the by court of justice of the states united .
serious the case is that the court soslayó a document sent the government of mexico under the issues of curiae amicus ( &quot; friend of the court &quot; ) , in the set the best procedure vitro under the framework of the law of notice mercantiles , by that this desahogó with proof to the conventions signed two countries to empatar this with the chapter 15 of the law of bancarrotas of the states united .
more still , that the country plegó to the principles of the commission of the nations un to the international trade , is say the rules by to transboundary cases of insolvency , ensure fairness to debtors and creditors .
carambola of two gangs : you hitting to vitro and you hitting the country .
general balance
dormidas for several months the complaints could in the table the trade of mexicana of aviation against the exdueño of the company , gastón azcárraga andrade , to who accused of false administration , the partnership technical of pilots aviadores already found the bottleneck of bottleneck .
the instance led iv villegas chávez morineau has of present a criminal demand against the commission national banking and of values to who accused of obstruction to the justice .
according this , the supervisory authority has denied systematically to give reports to the general procuraduría of the republic on a relevant operation the entrepreneur to draw the fideicomiso f / 589 the bank ixe , to name of mexicana of aviation , 198 million of talk .
the resources would canalizado to the buying of actions of the manager discrepancy of hotels .
as you know , azcárraga andrade is the main shareholders of the chain of hotels posadas .
cercan the dragon mart
present the end of week in a forum in the university the caribbean , a group of national ambientalistas and foreign , academics , employers and member in general of the civil society adopted the creation of a broader operating to speak to the opening the dragon chinese mart in cancún .
are talking , as you know , of a colossal centre of sale and distribution of face to mexico , central and the caribbean of products the country of the wall , with a area of housing the calce to employees of 150 companies .
previously the canacintra had achieved however to the governors of the area the east to speak the monumental coso that consumed with part of protected areas and with the mother of all the amagos against the industry .
died the acta
soslayada the government a demand the senate to explain under what terms and circumstances the ambassador of mexico in japan signed the agreement bulwark antifalsificación , known their ets in english as acta , of agreement the institute participate of the property organization the issue already happened the inquiries .
as you know , the action was despite to that the own senate had descalificado the possibility the considerarla atentatoria of the freedom of expression in the social networks .
homex to long term
in breadth of pay debts of long term affect the of short , the desarrolladora of housing homex is putting in the certified market bursátiles 500 million of talk .
the emission is the first of four identical are pay interests every 28 days .
stems competival
integrated the companies nyce , e-quálity and kernet , leaders in technology of the information , has of been a consortium with social reason competival , whose aim will the market of services of the triangles of software of centre and south .
the investment in the on over the 1.5 billion of dollars .
of &quot; hetin &quot; on : &quot; the basketball has been my life &quot;
trotamundos the basketball of &quot; hetin &quot; on was more of 60 years concerned the sport the tabloncillo and , thanks to he , was the whole world .
few people in port puerto has a mental harvest of the history the local basketball so wider as the has of &quot; hetin &quot; on .
and is that before of that a cerebral disease confinara to a wheelchair of wheelchair in the 2008 , on was larger in the sport more of 60 years , it as player of categories under , player the higher basketball national , apoderado and leading in the bsn with the vaqueros of bayamón or president of the federation of basketball .
&quot; i was many sombreros in the basketball to through of my life , including wounded to the same time , as when was president the bsn , general workforce the team national and federativo president for the years 90 &quot; , reminded on for a visit of primera time to their home in bayamón , where lies with isabel , their faithful wife more of 50 years .
&quot; the basketball has been my life &quot; .
on not there the do experienced .
the walls of their home , almost all decoradas with photos and memorabilias understands their wider background , point .
bayamón in the heart
of all , the am with greater statehood are the rememoran their step the vaqueros since in of the the of the 50 as player to 1982 , when perform 15 years fungiendo as coapoderado or apoderado of the that .
&quot; these were my best years , the more i disfruté because had the opportunity of be part of eight hockey of the vaqueros since 1967 , already it as apoderado , coapoderado or leading .
were many years of satisfacciones , including the five corridos hockey since 1971 to 1975 .
and then i concerning with one in the 1981 , the year of debut of jerome mincy in the bsn .
of in forward was office &quot; cuco &quot; ortiz , was a great administrator &quot; , pressed on .
remember that gene bartow , had focused here and was in the university of alabama ( birmingham ) , i said : &quot; you have a player well strong , of 6 &quot; 7 &quot; of stature .
what quieres ? &quot;
and that was the principle of mincy , one of the best players has had port puerto .
bartow then debated the francotirador raymond gausse , was nativizado and was one of our best marksmen .
remember that said that if mincy you had given a championship to bayamon , gausse help to bring one more .
the championship of the vaqueros with gausse gozó , but already to the distance , because to 1988 already was of federativo mandamás .
to that time would enjoy of their ejecutorias and the of mincy in the team national .
remember when you stands first time to states united for the preolímpico in mexico of 1989 .
then was the world of 1990 , where we fourth place and was have been bronze of not be at canadian umpire we was repeat the ground second end time , said on .
that group the world of 1990 is the better team national see seen ?
is between the best , as the you won the dream team in the hulten of 2004 .
but my favorito was the of the panamericanos in cuba in 1991 , when stands gold and you we a pela the team of states united , was quite similar the that we won the bronze in the world .
at team not only repetía to mincy , gausse , ramon rivas , fico valverde and &quot; piculín &quot; ( ortiz ) , but also had to ( javier ) &quot; toñito &quot; christopher and james young jimmy , to the brothers lion ( franz and morin ) and to mario &quot; cervantes &quot; evo , not had been be in the 90 because to a injury in the diktat .
a team that perhaps not was the best in terms of staff , but we was a medal of gold and a great joy was the the preolímpico the 1995 in neuquén , argentina .
with players of role as &quot; canito &quot; nieves , paul alicea and a youth rolando hourruitiner in alternative of the players suspended the we the panamericano of sea the silver , stands gold against all the prospects .
what has been the best player of port puerto ?
doubt no , that has been piculín ortiz .
their numbers to level of international torneos are impressive .
nobody in port puerto has by to that level as was piculín .
and that have their background in the different majors playing .
who has been the best boricua leader ?
that is very difficult .
have had a camada very good includes to dakar nettle , prime meléndez , iv evo , raymond nassau , armandito torres .
of the people , i like much the work of read arill .
what consideras your greater achievement in the federation ?
have been part of the era more gloriosa the team national between 1988 and 1995 and to beginning of the 90 the bsn had to 17 equipment in a season .
what you became do ?
there things that would wanted implement , as the regionalisation of the categories under .
example , the boys of ponce only jugaran in their area and only enfrentaran equipment of other corners of the island in the national playoffs .
now same the children travel and play too of unnecessary way .
the least see the as of the compulsorias certification and course to leaders , uniforms of table and referees .
that i am .
what described now ?
what more i is listen music , see videos of the music of my time in youtube , disfrutarme to my grandchildren and of time in when go to games of basketball .
and course , enjoy of the company of my wife , isabel , always has been me .
dies the actor larry hagman
larry hagman , newborn the 21 of september of 1931 , in forth worth ( texas ) , was very famous their central role as john ross ewing , more known as &quot; j.r &quot; . , in the series of &quot; television fisher &quot; , in the struggling to a man of unscrupulous business , malicious and manipulador .
larry hagman , whose role as the magnate petrolero predator j.r. ewing in the series &quot; fisher &quot; became in a symbol of the greed in the the of 1980 , has died .
had 81 years .
hagman , came this year as j.r. in a new season of &quot; fisher &quot; , died the friday the afternoon because to complications of cancer , of agreement with a release of the family provided to the reporter reporter the time bros . , least home of &quot; fisher &quot; .
&quot; larry was of back in their for city home of fisher , been another time the icónico role more you did &quot; , said the family .
the family of larry and their friends more those were with he in fisher to the feriado the day of action of thanks .
linda accountant , interpretó the role of their wife in the original series and in the sequel , was with hagman when died in a hospital of fisher , said the publicist of it , harvard lane .
you was joy to all the was .
was creative , generous , fun , funny , very and talentoso , and extrañaré far .
&quot; was a original person and lived the life the fundamental &quot; , said accountant in a release .
to hagman you diagnosticaron actual cirrhosis in 1992 and recognised that had binge a for years .
in 1995 you examined a malignant tumour in the liver and concluded to a transplantation .
years before of &quot; fisher &quot; , hagman was famous in the television as a decent kind in the light agitation &quot; dream of jeannie &quot; , itself the chain nbc of 1965 to 1970 .
in it interpretaba the captain tony nelson , a astronaut whose life is altered when is to a attractive genie , interpretada barbara eden , and has to live with he to their home .
was protagonista also of two comedias were little time the air , &quot; the government life &quot; ( nbc , 1971-72 ) and &quot; here we go again &quot; ( abc , 1973 ) .
their work in the cinema included papers well welcome the criticism in &quot; the group &quot; , &quot; harry and tonto &quot; and &quot; primary colors &quot; .
but was their brilliantly interpretation the encantadoramente abhorrent j.r. the was to hagman to their fundamental estrellato .
the dramatic series of the chain time on the clan ewing and other individuals in their about was the air of april of 1978 to may of 1991 .
the promotional sentence &quot; be shot j.r. ? &quot; , it to generate expectation in on to a full episode of emotion in the the personage of hagman almost is murdered , generated a international speculation and million of arriesgados dollars in houses of betting .
also helped to should to the series a record of hearing in time .
when was revelada the answer in a chapter of november of 1980 , a average of 41 million of concert sintonizaron and became to &quot; fisher &quot; in the second programme of entertainment more further of the history , behind the end of &quot; mash &quot; in 1983 , had 50 million of made .
was the weekend of j.r. , kristin ( interpretada mary crosby ) who you soared .
j.r. the embarazó and then the was with tacharla of prostitute to least outside of the city , but others also had reasons to atacarlo .
hagman interpretó to ewing as a corrupt insatiable with a carismática deficiencies : a tramposo entrepreneur and a infiel husband tried that their alcoholic wife , sue ellen ( linda accountant ) , outside internada .
&quot; i know what i in the lápida of j.r &quot; . , said hagman in 1988 .
should say : &quot; here lies the honesto citizen j.r. ewing &quot; .
this is the only negotiated that lost .
victory principal , coprotagonista of the original series , reminded the friday to hagman as someone huge &quot; , within and outside of the screen &quot; .
is fantastic , and irreplaceable , to million of admirers in the world , and in the hearts of every one of us , had the fortunately of conocerlo and it .
ten episodes of the new edition of &quot; fisher &quot; were transmitidos ago a months with great success to the channel tnt .
already had over the recording of five of the chapters to the second season and a sixth was in process , informed the chain .
of immediate not there a statement of time or of tnt on how manejará the series the loss of hagman .
oriundo of knox worth , texas , was son of the actress and berber mary martin , who estelarizó clásicas works as &quot; south pacific &quot; and &quot; peter bread &quot; .
martin was still a girl when had in 1931 for their marriage with the lawyer ben hagman .
probó fortunately in the theatrical scenarios of new york the principle of the the of 1950 , and then was in the force air of 1952 to 1956 in england .
while was there through to the young swedish diseñadora maj axelsson and married with it .
the couple had two children , preston and , and lived for long time in the city modelled of malibu , where reside many adverts .
in 2001 tituló their flash &quot; hello darlin &apos; : tall ( and absolutely true ) such about mercy life &quot; .
&quot; not was nothing there that i meant that outside to lastimar to someone or afectarlos of any way &quot; , said to press associated in at time .
after the transplantation of liver became in promoter of the donation of organs and laboró as voluntary in a hospital to attend to the fearful patients .
&quot; the aconsejo , them i value , i have with them when come to their cirugías , and after &quot; , pressed in 1996 .
of offer something of comfort , as &quot; not have , will a little awkward a brief time , but will to be well &quot; .
was also already against the habit of smoking and took in several campaigns .
inician course explora the &quot; end the world &quot;
every week , the students exploran apocalípticos subjects as the nuclear war , the zombies , the virus and germs , and the global warming .
this months , when the professor in religion stuart charmé decided provide a course on the end the world , was that had with a irresistible anzuelo : the end of the long &quot; has regresiva &quot; the timetable maya , the 21 of december , at that have blocking many people as a test of that next the end the world .
but charmé not had idea of what you expected in the next couple of months : the cataclísmico hurricane sandy , a fiscal precipice some have called &quot; deudarmagedón &quot; and a growing conflict involves to israel , the place where the theoretical christians the end of the times believe that will the apocalypse .
&quot; not i realised account of that this was to be the months more apocalyptic has there &quot; , said charmé this week to the students of the university rutgers-camden ( new jersey ) .
if one analysing what has been happening in the world today in day as if we to 30 days and up , this has been a period really good .
and remember that bad is good to those of tactical mentality .
and he not is only professor offers courses on the &quot; end the world &quot; this months , in theory the last of the history .
in temple , the external professor simpson vacker is running the course &quot; media , culture and the end the world &quot; .
every week , the students exploran apocalípticos subjects as the nuclear war , the zombies , the virus and germs , and the global warming .
&quot; we what these ideas are with the time &quot; , said , and the way in are hypothetical scenarios inform a human behaviour .
if the nuclear material is in hands of terrorists , example , could there a war .
this month the students carried films with apocalípticos subjects and exploraron how compare with examples of the real life .
&quot; i with of inform to the students on what is possible , likely , credible and impossible &quot; , said vacker .
in the main campus of the university state of pennsylvania , the professor of history of america matthew restall and their colleague amara solari , a adjunta teacher of history the art and antropología , have done team to provide a course , entitled only &quot; the end the world &quot; .
&quot; not agregamos &apos; 2012 &apos; to have always with the option of provide the course of new , in case of that the world not bring &quot; , said restall .
despite to the imminent &quot; ruin &quot; , the students must look , generate projects and take final examinations .
in penn state , the examination end will taken in eve the apocalypse , what not is to the students another option more that work &quot; to the same night in is that the world stops &quot; , said restall .
the courses were quite popular .
&quot; saturó in two hours &quot; , said restall on their course to students with high average , particularly with 35 students .
we messages electronic email for weeks and weeks before the start the months , of people motivate if still had place .
the students , their part , they that the course is one of the more interesting .
&quot; i is fascinating see that do the people to consolarse to itself same &quot; , said bridgid mr , a student of the career in religion and sociology of 23 years of haddonfield , new jersey , in rutgers-camden .
and is that the tactical mentality , secular or religious , is only question of comfort or of the lack the same .
will wekesa , a student of the career of psicología and enfermería , of 25 years , said have seen all the apocalípticas films .
&quot; never had heard on a class could teach that &quot; , pressed .
listen .
but no student interviewed - and much least a professor - said believe in the date of expiry the 21 of december .
&quot; our first project was on the maya prophecy and of a way desacreditamos &quot; , said julie zeglen , student of last year in temple , of 21 years and of west chester .
the mayas never predijeron the end the world ; is so only a key point in the timetable , said restall .
but acotó that there a tactical breath in the western culture , back to several centuries , in that the people react to the changes to their around prediciendo the end the world .
internet has caused a on of these speculation .
&quot; in other both the people not think in this &quot; , said .
in mostly in the world of available facts .
joseph dougherty , a professor of religion of the university the salle apply courses in the philippines this year , did quickly to the question of if was on some course on the &quot; end the world &quot; .
&quot; the philippines not involved in the end the world &quot; , wrote , implying a exception of a higher authority .
have a pardon the pope .
restall was hold that to what long of the years has spoken of many days the final trial , and said that if not is nothing the 21 of december , &quot; the people will to think of immediate in the next &quot; date or to filosofar that the 21 of december is the start of a period of seven years the out of the which will the world .
students and teachers are taking to the light the date .
several said that think go to &quot; parties the end the world &quot; .
&quot; as time have to some friends to that we riamos together &quot; , a samira ford , student of communications of 20 years .
