<<<<<<< HEAD
the parliament not supported a amendment to release to tymoshenko
the parliament of ukraine has rejected today the proposal of lifted the amendment of the section the code criminal in the condemns to the leader of the opposition yulia tymoshenko .
the modification challenge the doors to the excarcelación of the exprimer minister , but the members rejected the proposal of reduce the sentences crimes economic in the second reading .
in october , tymoshenko was sentenciada to seven years of prison the presunta signing of a agreement with russia desventajoso to ukraine on shopping of gas natural .
the judgment still not is clear , the court of appellate has the duty of revisarla in december .
tymoshenko was convinced of that was of a venganza political the regime , and even in west have mushroomed doubt on the sucrose the court .
the proposal of that retirase the paragraph 365 the code criminal with the condemned to the former first minister was supported 147 members in the vote .
to their adoption requerían 226 votes .
the victory of libya
the history of the liberation libia , or of the rebellion libia , already has their losers .
muammar el-gaddafi was befriended in a place secret in the desert and he already not there war .
is define who is the vencedor
<<<<<<< HEAD
as is already preparation in the region , the islamists ganaron the elections , but now is of dilucidar if is of moderates or radical
the council national of transition has done into in force the law traditional , the sharía , which already in true way we .
libya will in a country crime , because to the honour them cortará the hand .
the women already can go olvidando of emanciparse and the apóstatas waiting their execution and sucesivamente .
in place of the person the dictator , the society , an of hill guerreras , question the koran .
in libya set a order which not we we not imagine and which certainly not we .
however , our way of life not is not the only not objective the best and , probably , not them betraying , in change , to the detained already three .
what true is that not is of stunning that the enemies en enforced agradecidos the aid of the dogs infieles .
the only justification was that , since their point of view , the attacks of the nato not respected a do us , but large be have , whose greatness were after every one of the speeches successful .
when looking vencedores in libya , west not is between them .
are trapped in a shootout the which serve the islamists and our politicians for crawling of a dictator in the person of a ally political that has guarantees of obtain profits .
after the recent poor experiences of afghanistan and iraq , not we libya militarily .
in this case , to the premises not them is a problem eject to the &quot; crusaders &quot;
but , occupation ¿ make the petroleras done with the gold black libio only with good words ?
is some possible which not , but can be that finally west can presumir of protect rights human .
always which the followers of the sharía not we crossing .
starts a new era of the crisis
france and the rest of europe will to the hunting the buscador of investors
a torbellino statistical has brings europe
the states individual have published their data the gdp for q3 .
the economy czech in the period intercuatrimestral has reached , while which france and germany have grown .
however , the market of bonds today has it records .
=======
as is already preparation in the region , the islamists ganaron the elections , but now is of dilucidar if is of correct or radical
the council national of transition has done into in force the law traditional , the sharía , already in true way know .
libya will in a country crime , because to the honour them cortará the hand .
the women already can go olvidando of emanciparse and the apóstatas waiting their execution and sucesivamente .
in place of the person the dictator , the society , independent of hill guerreras , question the koran .
in libya set a order not we we not imagine and certainly not we .
however , our way of life not is or the only or objective the best and , probably , not them betraying , in change , to the libyans already smaller .
what true is that not is of stunning that the enemies muslim enforced agradecidos the aid of the dogs infieles .
the only justification was that , since their point of view , the attacks of the nato not respected a general us , but large be ala , whose greatness were after every one of the speeches successful .
when are vencedores in libya , west not is between them .
are trapped in a shootout the serve the islamists and our politicians to crawling of a dictator in the person of a ally political that has guarantees of obtain profits .
after the recent poor experiences of afghanistan and iraq , not our libya militarily .
in this case , to the premises not them is a problem eject to the &quot; crusaders &quot;
but , occupation ¿ make the petroleras done with the gold black libio only with good words ?
is some possible not , but can be that finally west can presumir of protect rights human .
always the followers of the sharía not we crossing .
starts a new era of the crisis
france and the rest of europe will to the hunting the buscador of investors
a torbellino statistical has talked europe
the states individual have published their data the gdp to q3 .
the economy czech in the period intercuatrimestral has reached , while france and germany have grown .
however , the market of bonds today has breaking records .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the investors already not fijan only in italy , but also in spain , france , austria and others .
the cabinets statisticians of the eurozona , germany , liberec and other countries european , already have published their estimates hypothetical on growth economic in the third quarter .
the gdp of germany creció the 0,5 % to , the of france the 0,4 %
both countries have done public the data the second cuatrimestre , in germany has improved more of what expected ( growth the 0,3 % in time the to 0,1 % ) , although in france was a light reduction the 0,1 % ( the data original spoke of stagnation ) .
the economy czech creció interanualmente a 1,5 % in the third quarter of this year .
<<<<<<< HEAD
however , in the period intercuatrimestral , the product interior gross ( gdp ) has reached and according čsú constitutes the trend to the slowdown unlikely in the growth the development economic .
=======
however , in the period intercuatrimestral , the product interior gross ( gdp ) has reached and that it čsú constitutes the trend to the slowdown in the growth the development economic .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the results are still worst that the forecasts of the analysts .
events main :
interanualmente , the economy czech creció in the third quarter of this year a 1,5 % , but cuatrimestralmente has reached .
in the third quarter , the economy german , according the data genuine and recalculados estacionalmente , creció a 0,5 % .
the economy of the eurozona and also of the union european , between july and setiembre and in compared with the quarter previous , creció a 0,2 % , what concuerda with the expectations of the analysts .
the economy greek has fallen interanualmente the 5,2 % .
the interest of their bonds to ten years is the 28,45 % .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the interest of the bonds italian and demonstrates has grown to limits critical .
the situation difficult starts to affect also to austria , dutch , france , belgium , etc.
the interests of the bonds czech to ten years are in the 4 % , although in the area the situation is getting .
in germany quoting voices which say that the ecb should give loans in last instance .
czech classify for the championship .
vencieron 1 : 0 and up the classification with a for 200 million .
¡ the team of football does with the task more difficult of all the season !
in montenegro , thanks the excellent čech and to brilliant portero petr jiráček , was the victory 1 : 0 .
the team czech , with with a good deal of fortunately in the second time , for fantásticamente of the attacks the team local , of way which not faltará to the quotation the championship european .
=======
the interest of the bonds italian and greatest has grown to limits critical .
the situation difficult starts to affect also to austria , dutch , france , belgium , etc.
the interests of the bonds czech to ten years are in the 4 % , although in the area the situation is are .
in germany quoting voices say that the ecb should give loans in last instance .
czech classify to the championship .
vencieron 1 : 0 and up the classification with a premium 200 million .
¡ the team of football does with the task more difficult of the the season !
in montenegro , thanks excellent čech and to brilliant portero petr jiráček , was the victory 1 : 0 .
the team czech , with with a good deal of fortunately in the second time , campaigned fantásticamente of the attacks the team local , of way not faltará to the quotation the championship european .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
ihned.cz continued detalladamente the development the party in a study minucioso .
not there almost statehood in the first half and a good deal of fortunately in the second .
the team czech , thanks the collapse the team local to the end , and also excellent game of čech and the heroico jiráček , venció 1 : 0 in montenegro and is their country the championship of europe .
to cause of the correctísima defence czech , the montenegrinos not presionaron to the second half .
the two perjudicados the party were damjanovič and vučinič , was happen two large times .
also , you the genial petr čech , the eleven czech not faltará to the quotation of the cup of europe , what to the coffers the football national you will a gratificación working of 200 million of coronas .
already since the first minutes was a good game ofensivo .
both equipment empeñaron so only in keep the lines and jugaron nothing more in on centre the field .
not there pressure of the players local in the first half , patadones the another field in defence , exactly what the defence czech was avoid .
the students iranian are ready to die the programme nuclear of their country .
formaron a shield human .
several hundreds of students university formaron shields human around of installations nuclear in iran .
with their gesture want express their support the programme nuclear of their country to a possible attack israeli .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the students put to orar the tuesday the at to the installations and after corearon slogans of death to us and israel .
several hundreds of students university formaron the tuesday in the city as of isfahán shields human around the centre technological nuclear in which working with uranium .
to demonstrate that are ready to defend the programme nuclear of their country with their own lives .
the agency international for the energy agency ( aiea ) , in a recent report , discovered that iran , according all the signs , afana to weapons nuclear .
in israel about of a possible attack to the installations nuclear iranian .
the students put to orar at at to the installations nuclear of isfahán and then were slogans of death against ee.uu. and israel .
in case of attack , whose aim would paralizar the programme nuclear as , reflects , according sources israeli , not only the central of isfahán , but also the installations of natanz , where enriches uranium .
menu every of a child obeso : not desayuna and dinner analogues
more of a third of the children with age known between the 9 and 13 years have problems of obesity , where the obesity affects the 9 % of the population school and the obesity the 5 % .
the children overweight from in their majority of families with a lifestyle of life which not is healthy , according from of research current .
again to demonstrate what is the importance the environment where overall for a development healthy of the person , as the models which serve of reference .
in the table , the children obsesos deplored , example , of analogues the least with the twice of often which the children of families with weight normal .
for dinner , more the 19 % of the overweight had cenado potatoes fritas the day before the analysis , the which is linked the programme of prevention &quot; the obesity not is a casualidad &quot; .
in the families of children with obesity not there preparation of people sports , what which is applies to the majority of the families current , where only the 15 % of the children did that their parents , at least a time week , are time for the exercise physical .
survey so to 900 children
the survey was to end the last year school and took in the same almost 900 children of education básica of all liberec .
already was the second edition the programme of &quot; the obesity of not is a casualidad &quot; , that supports the company of sure sanitario general and the company unilever .
to now , have participated in the project more of 12 thousand children since the 4º to the 8º course .
a dieta appropriate and quite exercise in family are factors determinantes , which do decrease contribution the number of children with obesity and even obesity .
&quot; only the half of the children encuestados have responded that have five lunches everyday according the regime : breakfast , lunch , food , merienda and dinner , which is one of the conditions terms for a dieta healthy &quot; , other one of the results of the survey .
breakfast but with embutido for dinner
the specialists avisan of that , in a development healthy , are important , also , the details , which also have , as example have a time scorning for the breakfast in family .
in liberec , not however , only the 23 % of the families of schoolchildren desayunan to the same time .
in the majority of the families , every one desayuna only .
but what worst was be that in the 10 % of the who not desayuna nothing .
the breakfast is , however , the basis of a dieta daily right .
the study shows that in the families of children overweight consume with need more often the insanas potatoes fritas .
almost all - regardless the weight - they to every refrescos dulces ( 70 % ) .
rule general do sport more the 40 % of the children encuestados , however , entres their parents this result reduces to least of the half , only the 15 % .
fabrícate your dieta
the next stage the study posibilitó that the chavales elected ( 204 boys and 172 girls of 13 schools ) creasen their propias diets to from of all the takeover possible according their tastes and views .
&quot; the preferences food of the children czech in age known between the 12 and 15 years , since the point of view of a food healthy , are very regard of what ideal . &quot;
=======
the students put to orar the tuesday at to the installations and after corearon slogans of death to us and israel .
several hundreds of students university formaron the tuesday in the city islamist of isfahán shields human around the centre technological nuclear in working with uranium .
seek demonstrate that are ready to defend the programme nuclear of their country with their own lives .
the agency international to the energy international ( aiea ) , in a recent report , discovered that iran , that all the signs , afana get weapons nuclear .
in israel about of a possible attack to the installations nuclear iranian .
the students put to orar at at to the installations nuclear of isfahán and then were slogans of death against ee.uu. and israel .
in case of attack , whose aim would paralizar the programme nuclear islamist , reflects , according sources israeli , not only the central of isfahán , but also the installations of natanz , where enriches uranium .
menu every of a child obeso : not desayuna and dinner analogues
more of a third of the children with age present between the 9 and 13 years have problems of obesity , where the obesity affects the 9 % of the population school and the obesity 5 % .
the children overweight come in their majority of families with a lifestyle of life not is healthy , that from of research current .
again to demonstrate what is the importance the environment where overall to a development healthy of the person , as the models serve of reference .
in the table , the children obsesos deplored , example , of analogues the least with the double of often the children of families with weight normal .
to eat , more the 19 % of the overweight had cenado potatoes fritas the day before the analysis , the which is linked the programme of prevention &quot; the obesity not is a casualidad &quot; .
in the families of children with obesity not there preparation of should sports , what which is applicable to the majority of the families current , where only the 15 % of the children did that their parents , at least a time week , are time to the exercise physical .
survey relevant to 900 children
the survey was to end the last year school and took in the same almost 900 children of education básica of the liberec .
already was the second edition the programme of &quot; the obesity of not is a casualidad &quot; , that supports the company of sure sanitario general and the company unilever .
to now , have participated in the project more of 12 thousand children since the 4º to the 8º course .
a dieta appropriate and quite exercise in family are factors determinantes , do decrease contribution the number of children with obesity and even obesity .
&quot; only the half of the children encuestados have would that have five lunches everyday according the regime : breakfast , lunch , food , merienda and dinner , is one of the conditions in to a dieta healthy &quot; , other one of the results of the survey .
breakfast but with embutido to eat
the specialists avisan of that , in a development healthy , are important , also , the details , also have , as example have a time closest to the breakfast in family .
in liberec , not however , only the 23 % of the families of schoolchildren desayunan to the same time .
in the majority of the families , every one desayuna only .
but what worst was be that in the 10 % of the homes not desayuna nothing .
the breakfast is , however , the basis of a dieta daily right .
the study shows that in the families of children overweight consume with need more often the insanas potatoes fritas .
almost all - regardless the weight - haul to every refrescos dulces ( 70 % ) .
rule general do sport more the 40 % of the children encuestados , however , entres their parents this result reduces to least of the half , only the 15 % .
fabrícate your dieta
the next stage the study posibilitó that the chavales elected ( 204 boys and 172 girls of 13 schools ) creasen their propias diets to from of all the takeover possible according their tastes and views .
&quot; the preferences food of the children czech in age present between the 12 and 15 years , since the point of view of a food healthy , are very regard of what ideal . &quot;
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
between their food preferred are the pasta , the meat and the dulces
&quot; is on all alarming the popularity of the refrescos dulces &quot; , warned in the report final the study .
as food main has the palma the pasta and you is of closely the meat of sagrada .
virtually , the children reject always the legumbre and the will the fish and the i is very low .
change to habits healthy
the same time , the study shows that the children are ready to change their habits food if receive the information fair .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; in the group of control of the participants in the study , which rellenaron the cuestionario after of end the programme of prevention &quot; the obesity not is a casualidad &quot; , was in many cases a change important to favour of the principles of a food healthy &quot; , suggests in the results the study .
is the attention , example , as to the refrescos dulces , where many children empezarían to preferir the water normal and aware .
the children also elegirían with more often in the cuestionario the meat of sagrada and the fish for the food main and restringirían the consumption of food fresh and the derivatives of harina .
=======
&quot; in the group of control of the participants in the study , rellenaron the cuestionario after of end the programme of prevention &quot; the obesity not is a casualidad &quot; , was in many cases a change important to favour of the principles of a food healthy &quot; , suggests in the results the study .
is the attention , example , main to the refrescos dulces , where many children empezarían to preferir the water normal and aware .
the children also elegirían with more often in the cuestionario the meat of sagrada and the fish to the food main and restringirían the consumption of food fresh and the derivatives of harina .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the estilista has of be also a good guillermo , maintain the occupational
in the article introductorio , how learn the estilistas , already i quejé a little of that the lessons initial already were quite cargadas .
not had not idea of how would what .
conferences of three professionals the ramo , how wear to individuals problem and , also , a seminar on how works in the world the entertainment .
and will although .
by more closely are the examinations final , more information and tasks practical we aguardan
and although the course develops every saturday and sunday , already not be a alfiler .
<<<<<<< HEAD
are time we studied with the there , alena , ( in the course not there no man ) on how he to the woman which not has a simetría perfect .
and is the great majority .
someone is cuellicorto , someone has a issues estilizada the curvas right and someone suffering obesity .
the estilista has of know arise ópticamente a shoulders anchos , alargar a bottleneck or recrear the curvas necessary
we have given certain noticed on how do i the body of women the kind of jennifer valverde , of pechos and caderas enormous but cintura close and the same time not vestirla of a way too desafiante
if , example , difference between the cintura and the caderas is so which the falda or the trousers not adaptan , is the it to coser the least a paper of abkhazia extra to measure .
doubt not arrepentirán , because the clothes which where perfectly is impagable .
with a falda to measure agreed much best that with a which not for of stuck , levantarse , baila in the cintura , etc.
the body estilizado can allow he clothes with pliegues , adornos , bordados or drapeados .
there certainly many types of information different and of bodies , that am happy of that have of all the week for to order in my head all this information .
e even , i afraid that with the task asignada , already i more which of too .
to every participant in the course you have allocated two famosos , to the which must look two vestuarios : one for the day and one for the night .
there that have in account the aspect current , the lifestyle of fashionable which adecue to the person in question .
i has tocado &quot; he &quot; to miranda kerr , perhaps the conozcáis of the campaign of victory &apos; at secret .
out within , for me is much best that , example , britney spears or christina aguilera , which recently will engordado a hundred agent ( favour , have in account the excessive ) , or the jovencísima selena gómez .
the overalls we that recortarlos of the journals or buscarlos in internet and imprimirlos , for after elaborarlos graphically .
the moodboard , which is as is the result completely , expressed also our lifestyle personal and our relationship with the design gráfico .
=======
are time have examined with the director , alena , ( in the course not there no man ) on how wear to the woman not has a simetría perfect .
and is the great majority .
someone is cuellicorto , someone has a issues estilizada the curvas right and someone suffering obesity .
the estilista has of know arise ópticamente a shoulders anchos , alargar a bottleneck or recrear the curvas necessary
we have given certain grist on how do emphasise the body of women the kind of jennifer valverde , of pechos and caderas enormous but cintura close and same time not vestirla of a way too desafiante
if , example , it difference between the cintura and the caderas is so the falda or the trousers not adaptan , is the penalty have coser the least a paper of abkhazia extra to measure .
doubt not arrepentirán , because the clothes where perfectly is impagable .
with a falda to measure agreed much best that with a not to of start , levantarse , baila in the cintura , etc.
the body estilizado can allow wear clothes with pliegues , adornos , bordados or drapeados .
there certainly many types of information and of bodies , that am happy of that have of the the week to put order in my head the this information .
e even , i fear that with the task asignada , already have more of have .
to every participant in the course you have allocated two famosos , to the must look two vestuarios : one to the day and one to the night .
there that have in account the aspect current , the lifestyle of fashionable adecue to the person in question .
i has tocado &quot; wear &quot; to miranda kerr , perhaps the conozcáis of the campaign of victory &apos; at secret .
out within , to me is much best that , example , britney spears or christina aguilera , recently will engordado a hundred agent ( favour , have in account the excessive ) , or the jovencísima selena gómez .
the their have that recortarlos of the weeklies or buscarlos in internet and imprimirlos , to after elaborarlos graphically .
the moodboard , is as is result complete , expressed also our lifestyle personal and our relationship with the design gráfico .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
is important also think in the part gráfica the estilismo .
the estilista , therefore , not viste only physically , but also is , example , of the pages of products in the weeklies ( of subjects specific , as trends , bolsos , coats , etc. ) .
of all we spoke the estilista and leather mario kameník .
but all this already is to the sunday .
the estilista has of have a vision global .
the three invited especialistas encouraged the conference the saturday with information on all kind of bodies .
the estilista honza pokorný , the leather of fashionable jakub polanka and the fotógrafo of fashionable ben renč .
jakub we reminded that the fashionable is a illusion and the estilista should saberle from party to this .
and a good estilista know work with a same prenda of wear of forms .
the variabilidad is , in this case , fundamental .
<<<<<<< HEAD
, as gabardina ( or as say in english , trench-coat ) can he to what stale with vaqueros and camiseta , but also serves for he the body naked with shoes of tacón and fotografiarlo as if it in reality a a .
or well enough arremangarla and go the bottleneck for obtain a image completely different .
&quot; jugad with this &quot; , we stressed .
what which more valoro is the next council : &quot; for start to work , ago lack that first conozcáis all the rules &quot; .
&quot; then already tell romperlas &quot; , said jakub .
end i is clear what memorizamos all these developments , moment being with what , what , if then is that in the journals of fashionable we we results different .
that speak of the desfiles .
thanks the fotógrafo ben , know that a estilista has that have more types of clothes in the reserve of the which to fotografiar .
, for a history of fashionable which have ten pages ( therefore , ten outfits ) , there that have splendid , lists for use , the least quince .
and also that the photos the clothes works in combination with other prendas , all them different to the which mines in the reality .
all this there that must in account to the time of look the outfit .
honza pokorný we assured that the image and the lifestyle neurodegenerative them alone , in many cases , the half the success .
enough look to madonna , which not is precisely a berber extraordinary , but the image and the márquetin have done of it a star world .
=======
, it gabardina ( or as say in english , trench-coat ) can wear to what stale with vaqueros and camiseta , but also serves to wear the body ridden with shoes of tacón and fotografiarlo as if it in reality a reasonable .
or well is arremangarla and go the bottleneck to obtain a image completely different .
&quot; jugad with &quot; , we stressed .
what more valoro is the next council : &quot; to start to work , ago lack that first conozcáis all the rules &quot; .
&quot; then already tell romperlas &quot; , said jakub .
end i is clear what memorizamos all these developments , being with what , what , if then is that in the weeklies of fashionable we are results different .
that speak of the desfiles .
thanks the fotógrafo ben , know that a estilista has that have more types of clothes in the reserve of the is fotografiar .
, to a history of fashionable have ten pages ( therefore , ten outfits ) , there that have splendid , lists to use , the least quince .
and also that the photos the clothes works in combination with other prendas , all them different to the cannot in the reality .
all there that must in account to the time of look the outfit .
honza pokorný we was that the image and the lifestyle pose them alone , in many cases , the half the success .
is look to madonna , not is precisely a berber extraordinary , but the image and the márquetin have done of she a star global .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
in liberec , the time , not there still a trend clear to use the services of the estilistas .
to the individuals famous also what are pointless ( i cannot my skills , my aspect physical not has so importance ) .
and when someone we pida our services , there that have in account that is very likely that we indiquen a stature very different to the their real ( will ) .
then only is guglear and abused if the weeklies the heart already have written on the issue , if a a celebridad has engordado / adelgazado , etc.
the sunday , honza and mario we insistieron in the estilista not you is orientarse in the fashionable , but has that understand of outfit .
for their work , on all must communicate with the people to the viste , what is fundamental be a good guillermo .
know appreciate to the people , not ago of least , is their views .
&quot; when a director you contrata to that you clasifiquéis the vestuario and completéis with prendas fine , not tell catch and throwing all what had and say : &quot; huy what horror &quot; &quot; .
&quot; encontrad the least a couple of things podáis ponderar and recommend to that someone can put &quot; , says mario .
he same also we was that all must caber in the called &quot; placovka &quot; , is say , the exchange of work .
this set around of the cintura and have all the tools necessary .
<<<<<<< HEAD
are items as tijeras , as tijeras , quitapelusas , or imperdibles . there also balance of nailon ( which you serves to estilista during the session of photos of products such which bolsos or gorros ) , pinzas special of enganche of prendas ahead , if this would greater ( the alfileres and another kind of enganches not are permitidos , therefore could clean the fabric ) , or a game of remnant .
for not quedarnos in the heard pasiva and to something in practical , we learned to revestir the suela of the shoes .
even during the sessions of photos in the study , in a surface flat , could clean the suela and much more still the protocol .
and not did more that revestir and revestir .
not we play the shoes with the tijeras for not dañarlos accident .
which had that be very hábil .
mario i has given a joy the who my work reserves .
the truth is that not i are very well these skills .
this is only one small part of all the which we heard during all the end of week , in the second part the course .
already i i given account that dedicarme the estilismo to level professional not is a way of view , but i exactly as what which telling the people .
in need at speed : the run competing all america .
comment
a journey , in principle despreocupado , complicates to cause of a series of descuidos impropios of a journey routine during the time of morning .
in certain measure managed cover the expectations , but this not serves of nothing , if , in reality , not intended do nothing exceptional .
the new over , to the which the title adds the run , kindled large expectations already before of their estreno .
prometía that would new aires to the former saga of to need at speed and , to result of what shown , is as a game which not should end being another time a gender of action more .
also we we curiosos know how disappeared the scenes insertadas , where the to main falling the car and walking their own ordinary .
as is happen in the series of nfs , the results not vary great thing regard to what which we those .
there to which can give acceptable , but in the cómputo total some points to cause of failures absurd , which already come apareciendo in the series since ago years .
in reality not can not blend errors , but which is more well of the desgana incomprehensible of the programadores .
the adventure starts very well .
you introduces in a history , whose protagonista , nicklaus , has certain problems personal ; for resolverlos , you offers participate in a career illegal all america .
you sentáis the volante in the at coast , in st franz , and your mission is to the first to new york .
the idea is offer something interesting .
the route divides in ten stages and , then , in more of fifty to .
of this follows that every career has place a route different and the stages are localizadas in different forestry , which are quite great and interesting .
of that way , one not has not remotamente the that of that the game will always what same .
some of the forestry are even agradables to the view , although the level technical the gráfico is equivalent the of evidence previous of the series .
=======
are items as tijeras , as tijeras , quitapelusas , or imperdibles . there also balance of nailon ( you serves to estilista for the session of photos of products such bolsos or gorros ) , pinzas special of enganche of prendas ahead , if this would greater ( the alfileres and another kind of enganches not are permitidos , because could damage the fabric ) , or a game of remnant .
to not quedarnos in the heard pasiva and put something in practical , have learned to revestir the suela of the shoes .
even for the sessions of photos in the study , in a surface flat , could damage the suela and much more still the protocol .
and not did more that revestir and revestir .
not cannot play the shoes with the tijeras to not dañarlos accident .
had that be very hábil .
mario i has given a joy pay my work reserves .
the truth is that not i are very well these skills .
this is only one small part of all the have heard for all the end of week , in the second part the course .
already i i given account that dedicarme the estilismo to level professional not is a way of view , but i is exactly as what telling the people .
in need at speed : the run competing the america .
account
a journey , in principle despreocupado , complicates to cause of a series of descuidos impropios of a journey routine for the time of morning .
in a measure managed cover the expectations , but not serves of nothing , if , in reality , not intended do nothing exceptional .
the new over , to the the title adds the run , kindled large expectations already before of their estreno .
prometía that would new aires to the former saga of things need at speed and , to result of what shown , is as a game not should end being another time a gender of action more .
also we feel curiosos know how live the scenes insertadas , where the inspiration main falling the car and walking their own ordinary .
as is happen in the series of nfs , the results not vary great thing regard to what we been .
there things can give acceptable , but in the cómputo total some points to cause of failures absurd , already come apareciendo in the series since ago years .
in reality not can or blend errors , but is more well of the desgana incomprehensible of the programadores .
the adventure starts very well .
you introduces in a history , whose protagonista , nicklaus , has certain problems personal ; to resolverlos , you offers participate in a career illegal the america .
you sentáis the volante in the coast sumptuous , in st franz , and your mission is come the first to new york .
the idea is offer something interesting .
the route divides in ten stages and , then , in more of fifty things .
of follows that every career has place a route different and the stages are localizadas in different forestry , are quite wide and interesting .
of that way , one not has not remotamente the feeling of that the game will always what same .
some of the forestry are even agradables to the view , although the level technical the gráfico is equivalent of evidence previous of the series .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
therefore , not is nothing the another world .
but the region the desert , the landscape otoñal or the highest mountains covered of snow is a effect about very afraid .
also , the things diversifican of time in when a element atípico .
, example , in the desert you encontráis a storm of bit ever the visibility .
in change , in the mountains there that have care to that not you sepulte a avalancha .
that that , every one of the things is very well developed .
only there a couple of models , but with that is .
for a time , intentáis adelantar to a amount of rivales exigida ( what normal in a career classical ) , after tratáis of win time ( duel stale cronometrado ) and then you expected a duel against a only adversario .
in of all this is to times the police , not ago but obstruct still more the things .
the odysseus are the landscape would the car .
have animaciones interactivas when nicklaus , in the majority of the cases , has of escape of someone and do you that ayudarlo , always pulsando the botón fair in the time fair .
nothing complicated .
<<<<<<< HEAD
is surprising , however , that has very least landscape in the game of what which be wait ( in particular there only three ) .
but the result final is positive , because this element not a to be upsetting and , in the context already mentioned , is one of the elements which do that the game it more interesting .
the model of driver still the fingerprinting of the episodes previous .
that want say that to day of today already not be great thing , but not can that that be bad .
=======
is surprising , however , that has a least landscape in the game of what be wait ( in particular there only three ) .
but the result final is positive , because this element not is to be upsetting and , in the context already mentioned , is one of the elements do that the game making more interesting .
the model of driver is the fingerprints of the episodes previous .
that want say that to day of today already not be great thing , but not can say that be bad .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
if buscáis a simulación realistic , already tell seek in another part .
but to a career by with quite action you be quite this lifestyle of driver , although we find something best between the games of the competition .
even here , all in order .
but the problems arise after of a a time .
to difference of what correct of the models of driver , already not happens what same with the collisions .
of games of this kind not be wait that recree deformaciones and collisions difficult , but of fact before of a coup against any subject , not tell predict how reaccionará vuestro prosecution , with what which not all is in order .
<<<<<<< HEAD
is typical that , the do a adelantamiento very ajustado or able the prosecution with a traffic normal , so only has light roces , but in other situations almost identical , vuestro prosecution has doing piruetas descontroladas .
or even has completely destruido .
thanks the system of reseteo , not arise large problems , but can poneros of wrong humour .
the reseteos are programados of as way which , when sufres a accident or you sales of the back , the game you restituye to last point of rescue in the back .
however , in every career only at of five reseteos available .
=======
is typical that , the do a adelantamiento very ajustado or be the prosecution with a traffic normal , so only has light roces , but in other situations almost identical , vuestro prosecution has doing piruetas descontroladas .
or even has completely destruido .
thanks the system of reseteo , not arise large problems , but can poneros of humour .
the reseteos are programados of way , when sufres a accident or you sales of the back , the game you restituye to last point of rescue in the back .
however , in every career only have of five reseteos available .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
if the consumís all , you that restart the career since the principle .
because not is more a aid in case of that something not will well , but not is very of fiar .
to times , or the reseteo aid , only does the aprenderse the stage tremendous of memory .
a great disadvantage the game is that the same facts are in different places .
in some curvas , example , there that into of a way specific ; of another way , are imposibles of take .
<<<<<<< HEAD
other sometimes you encontráis in some website vehicles &quot; civil &quot; always with the same configuration , although estéis the first , quintos or lleguéis five minutes before or after .
this ago of rabiar on all in situations , when veis that two autos which will the meeting in directions diametrically , your contrincante adelanta problems , but when llegáis , debéis girar or well direct .
is as when lleguéis , because is programmed that the &quot; surprise &quot; always will ahead of vuestras narices .
the adversaries have also a advantage more .
during all the starting llegaréis to websites where , have in account the time , always you adelantará the same adversario in the same website .
also this happens the end of the starting , in a long bridge , what which is still more chocante .
vuestro oponente must to before that fine , at price that be .
when will ahead of fine , you difficult the vision of the autos that come of with , which the principle tell do papilla the car .
can understand the idea of create a game with máximas deal of suspense and adrenalina , but the execution is so apparent which surely you decepcione delay .
and is a it , because although the model the journey be simple , the game is fun and with action , of way which to often not is possible continue the detail what which is not longer .
and really just , if the merit has the idea with fifty runway unique or the classification in the career for that not quepa the platitude , or any another thing .
a idea inhabitual is the change of autos during the to .
you that be vigilant to the surtidores of petrol the hand of the road , because exactly you that change of prosecution , although in the great majority of the cases you suffice what which you .
the autos into in three categories .
sport are suitable for areas urban , the autos strong american for the motorways rectas and the exóticos superdeportivos for a driver technical , example , roads of mountain with curvas .
also balance narrativo main also is a balance of challenges parallel , is say , there to in places specific which conoceréis the stories .
here conseguiréis not only medals , but also points of experience for vuestro profile , which serves therefore for the challenges as the cuentos .
the achieve the level higher , the driver you open several possibilities , beginning the prosecution and acabando with funds for the profile .
the same time , there conectada a role autolog in line , which highlights vuestros results with the of other players and disponibiliza other duties community .
one of the elements more difficult of understand is how is at the last career in the history .
with the car llegáis to the tunnel the metre ( pass ) , where you ponéis to to to oscuras the ways ( pass ) .
the velocímetro you signals between 150 and 200 km / h ( pass ) and , of suddenly , behind you a the convoy the metre and you has ahead more .
in the wording surely will a discussion on this during several days , on if during the programming the game none was even a little or if the authors of truth we take a panda of bobos .
the part technical the game not is nothing exceptional , but at least the effects visuales general are in the majority of the cases agradables , to sometimes to soberbios .
therefore what it which , in the at more tensos reduces the quality of image and , in times , of a way serious .
=======
other times you encontráis in some website vehicles &quot; civil &quot; always with the same configuration , although estéis the first , quintos or lleguéis five minutes before or after .
this ago of rabiar on all in situations , when veis that two autos will meeting in directions diametrically , your contrincante adelanta problems , but when llegáis , debéis girar or well direct .
is as when lleguéis , because is programmed that the &quot; surprise &quot; always will ahead of vuestras narices .
the adversaries have also a advantage more .
for the the starting llegaréis to websites where , have in account the time , always you adelantará the same adversario in the same website .
also this happens the end of the starting , in a long bridge , what which is still more chocante .
vuestro oponente must come before that fine , at price that be .
when is ahead of fine , you makes the vision of the autos that come of with , the principle tell do papilla the car .
can understand the idea of create a game with máximas deal of suspense and adrenalina , but the execution is so apparent surely you decepcione indeed .
and is a penalty , because although the model the journey be simple , the game is fun and with action , of way to often not is possible continue the detail what is or longer .
and really is just , if the merit has the idea with fifty runs unique or the classification in the career to that not quepa the platitude , or any another thing .
a idea inhabitual is the change of autos for the things .
you that be vigilant to the surtidores of petrol hand of the road , because exactly you that change of prosecution , although in the great majority of the cases you suffice what you .
the autos into in three categories .
sport are suitable to areas urban , the autos strong american to the motorways rectas and the exóticos superdeportivos to a driver technical , example , roads of mountain with curvas .
also balance narrativo main also is a balance of challenges parallel , is say , there things in places specific conoceréis the stories .
here conseguiréis not only medals , but also points of experience to vuestro profile , serves therefore to the challenges as the cuentos .
the achieve the level higher , the driver you go several possibilities , beginning the prosecution and acabando with funds to the profile .
the same time , there conectada a role autolog in line , highlights vuestros results with the of other players and disponibiliza other duties community .
one of the elements more difficult of understand is how is pale the last career in the history .
with the car llegáis to the tunnel the metre ( pass ) , where you ponéis to cause to oscuras the ways ( pass ) .
the velocímetro you signals between 150 and 200 km / at ( pass ) and , of suddenly , behind you is the convoy the metre and you has ahead more .
in the wording surely will a discussion on this for several days , on if for the programming the game none was even a little or if the authors of truth we take a panda of bobos .
the part technical the game not is nothing exceptional , but at least the effects visuales general are in the majority of the cases agradables , to times to soberbios .
because what penalty , in the at more tensos reduces the quality of image and , in times , of a way serious .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
this affects on all to the accidents where there involucrados many participants , when the quality of image continual already not is valid .
the that is well and the broadband sonora is a question of tastes .
to end of that be the agrado to the greater part the group youth , the broadband sonora belongs to the category &quot; every one of their father and of their mother &quot; , but can mean that nobody torment the game only their music .
the feeling final of need at speed : the run is because quite confusing .
if the game evitase errors absolutely stupid , we we problems in say the run is the best game of nfs of the last years .
is the feeling of that the game not is completed .
the diversión is asegurada , but preparaos because the errors you might in the eyes with the force of a reflectores of airport .
the coros of the university carolina attending in the concert &quot; students of velvet &quot; .
the since joint the day international of the students and the anniversary of the revolution of velvet as experience musical will place third time in the festival festa academica .
for the same , presented twenty corales of centres of secundaria and academics .
the festival about in on to two concerts the 17 of november .
&quot; the university carolina has a high participation in the festival &quot; .
between the coros current are the coral of the faculty of pedagogía and the faculty of humanidades , in the committee the festival is the rector václav hampl &quot; , said the responsible of the organisation , jakub čaloun .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the summit of all the festival is the entry free for all the públicos the event of the coros of secundaria , which will the 17 of march to the 14 hours ahead of the libraría techniques national in dejvice .
the programme has with the participation the jazzista czech karel růžička and their celebration about mass .
the night will in the places of since of the home he in vynohrady the event &quot; students of velvet &quot; , in which attending corales universitarias , including the whitehead of the uninversidad carolina .
the festa academica has as to not only there from the day international of the students and remember the 22º anniversary of the revolution of velvet , but also present the public the music coral the more high level and promote the creation colaborativa between young .
=======
the summit of all the festival is the entry free to all the públicos the concert of the coros of secundaria , will the 17 of march to the 14 hours ahead of the libraría techniques national in dejvice .
the programme has with the participation the jazzista czech karel růžička and their celebration jazz mass .
the night will in the places of since of the home he in vynohrady the concert &quot; students of velvet &quot; , in attending corales universitarias , including the whitehead of the uninversidad carolina .
the festa academica has as to not only there consequently the day international of the students and remember the 22º anniversary of the revolution of velvet , but also present the public the music coral the more high level and promote the creation colaborativa between people .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the inflated main is the union czech of corales in cooperation with the institute of secundaria jan kepler .
all the acts contaron with the support the mayor of prague , bohuslav svoboda , and the rector of the university carolina , václav hampl .
the festival relating between the 16 and the 20 of november between prague and pardubice .
the timetable offers , also of the concerts celebrativos , the a series of events music , performances makeshift of students and concerts matinales .
the interested will find more information in the website the festival www.festaacademica.cz
the ambassador to the eu , vicenová :
<<<<<<< HEAD
the czech have a ensure of negativistas and eurosceptics .
&quot; the treaty of lisbon has affected significantly the balance between the institutions individual &quot;
&quot; not i expected that montase a war barracks &quot; .
&quot; estimating five , six years , before of that the situation estabilice a bit , calme and the new players acostumbren to their new papers &quot; , began with conviction their conference in the faculty of right the ambassador czech to the eu , milena vicenová .
how not factored in seriously their slogan &quot; clear and openly on europe &quot; , which said already in the first part of their conference , when managed under every body of the eu and their relations with as precision and clarity , therefore would the envidia of many greater of the faculty of right of the u. carolina .
vicenová also ponderó the work of the new president permanent the council european , herman will rompuy :
&quot; what first arise the criticisms , that if is insulso , a official grey , capable of taking any role , but i of say that he to all there , because moderating their gender to the technology &quot; .
&quot; is a man which know listen to the member of the veintisiete states , communicate with them and that has a vision clarísima of towards where must go the eu &quot; .
the new since of representative of the policy foreign and security explains to from of the question : &quot; ¿ who is this eu ? ¿ to what number i llamarla ? &quot; . is therefore of a step important towards the unification and the clarification of of the union political of face to states as china or india .
=======
the czech have a account of negativistas and eurosceptics .
&quot; the treaty of lisbon has affected significantly the balance between the institutions individual &quot;
&quot; not i expected that montase a war barracks &quot; .
&quot; estimating five , six years , before of that the situation estabilice a bit , calme and the new players acostumbren to their new papers &quot; , began with conviction their conference in the faculty of right the ambassador czech to the eu , milena vicenová .
how not be in serious their motto &quot; clear and openly on europe &quot; , said already in the first part of their conference , when managed prescribed every body of the eu and their relations with precision and clarity , because would the envidia of many greater of the faculty of right of the u. carolina .
vicenová also ponderó the work of the new president permanent the council european , herman will rompuy :
&quot; what first arise the criticisms , that if is insulso , a official grey , capable of taking any role , but i of say that he to all there , because moderating their gender to the technology &quot; .
&quot; is a man know listen to the member of the veintisiete states , communicate with them and that has a vision clarísima of to where must go the eu &quot; .
the new since of representative of the policy foreign and security is to from of the question : &quot; ¿ who is this eu ? ¿ to what number can llamarla ? &quot; . is because of a step important to the unification and the clarification of of the union political of face to states as china or india .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
nobody want prohibirnos the cheese of olomouc
vicenová has occupied also of the agenda was , is and will the council european in the future next .
the presidency czech of ago two years was a success .
czech raised of the crisis economic potential , were the crisis the gas and organised a summit to the partnership eastern .
the fall the government in at time designated as a aspect very negative , affecting seriously to liberec .
the representation czech in the eu has the time many commitments .
<<<<<<< HEAD
in words of the ambassador : &quot; a good fuss &quot; , not only the presidency , but also the crisis financial , which is trying now .
another hand , there that approve the budget for seven years of the eu , caused the current situation economic , much more difficult .
if the budget is more simple and effective , ¿ what sectors will priority , what countries will greater support and what least ? that is something which will present in the agenda of the next meeting .
the ambassador reminded also their lemas main , with the which came to europe : &quot; acerca of europe with clarity &quot; .
&quot; what true is that not i them the abreviaciones feas , the extranjerismos or the jergas which the people not understand &quot; .
&quot; ¿ how can a citizen understand that in brussels not invent of truth pepinos the cucumbers curvos or redondos , bananas of various shapes or that nobody we will to ban the cheese of olomouc ? &quot; .
also to from more from the environment of the eu and bring to more citizens czech to the institutions european .
we expected the europe of the part
according the ambassador , the czech have reputation of eurosceptics and the people that more well the aspects negative that the positive .
=======
in words of the ambassador : &quot; a good fuss &quot; , not only the presidency , but also the crisis financial , is trying now .
another hand , there that approve the budget to seven years of the eu , caused the current situation economic , much more difficult .
if the budget is more simple and effective , ¿ what sectors will priority , what countries will greater support and what least ? that is something will present in the agenda of the next meeting .
the ambassador reminded also their lemas main , with the was to europe : &quot; acerca of europe with clarity &quot; .
&quot; what true is that not i like the abreviaciones feas , the extranjerismos or the jergas the people not understand &quot; .
&quot; ¿ how can a citizen understand that in brussels not invent of truth pepinos the cucumbers curvos or redondos , bananas of various shapes or that nobody we is to ban the cheese of olomouc ? &quot; .
also is from more advantage the environment of the eu and bring to more citizens czech to the institutions european .
we expected the europe of the part
according the ambassador , the czech have reputation of eurosceptics and the people is more well the aspects negative that the positive .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
also , lamentó the low participation of the czech in the institutions european .
the fault is of a of factors , as the modestia of our candidates , their inability to write messages of motivation , but also the bit support of the czech .
also the success of the presidency czech , brought of highlighted it force and the cooperation the group of visegrad .
&quot; créanme that when who to me a polish and a hungarian and i about a slovak , a french to my hand i says : &quot; ¿ what , already you been , the the group of visegrad ? &quot; , and is that not you ago no grace &quot; .
in the future , to the eu , according vicenová , you aguardan new regulations durísimas of policy budgetary to the states member .
is as something very real the concept of the two part , if not are more , in europe , more that the new of &quot; the federation european &quot; .
&quot; have countries in the eurozona and countries outside of the eurozona &quot; .
&quot; have the space schengen and have also the procedure of cooperation from &quot; .
&quot; said first time that only cooperen the countries want and the not , that go outside &quot; .
&quot; these procedures will every time more and reinforced the europe of the two part &quot; , expected vicenová .
in this sense , also upgrading the role of liberec and of herman will rompuy in the implementation the principle , according the which all the subjects affect to the whole of the eu must discuss between the states member , not only between the member of the eurozona .
brand story :
the innovative ibm found their second century of existence
<<<<<<< HEAD
if someone buscase a term which definiese with great precision the strategy of ibm , the more working would &quot; long term &quot; .
for the public general , ibm is the symbol of a revolution technological , a company which that as current and , however , already have appropriations hundred years since their foundation .
the basis of this nature largoplacista it the first head of the signing , the visionario he j. addressing sr.
already he coined the slogan of that many problems the world have solution if the people is ready to think .
their slogan &quot; think ! &quot; became in their you , in on the which fare build the life the future giant ( was also the title of a magazine internal that ibm began to publish in 1935 ) .
addressing was also the basis of a culture of company with levantada .
&quot; for us , ibm means a thought to long term , a movement ongoing in direction the future .
ibm has sobrevivido and been during hundred years that reason , because remained faithful to their principles foreseen , but would to the changes around .
that we has allowed , during our first century , into the technology , the business and the society .
we bear still more in our second century &quot; , said during their anniversary , the current director of the company samuel j. palmisano .
a system sofisticado
addressing , already in the years 30 , preocupó the care of their employees as the his of baťa in liberec ( the employees of ibm were of the first workforce american that gozaron of holiday pagadas , safe , uniform elegant and a sofisticado system of pay which premiaba to the best inventores and sellers .
the same sofisticación to long term in ibm in the relationship with the client .
already since the principle the company it be talentos ( the be a of the first companies world in end with any kind of discrimination , could choose problems ) .
in the line of the strategy tackle is the plan current of ibm , the which to palmisano sustituirá the year which next a woman : virginia rometty .
it already has working thirty years in ibm , where has been head of sales , márquetin and strategies .
during the last years ibm has participated of the called events sell , rain of ideas in line , of the which arise variety of future strategies and developments .
not is of stunning that sobren ideas , therefore in the signing working almost half million of people .
a institution with good ensure
=======
if someone buscase a term definiese with great precision the strategy of ibm , the more working would &quot; long term &quot; .
to the public general , ibm is the symbol of a revolution technological , a company is as current and , however , already have been hundred years since their foundation .
the basis of this nature largoplacista it brought the first head of the signing , the visionario case j. sure sr.
already he coined the motto of that many problems the world have solution if the people is ready to think .
their motto &quot; think ! &quot; became in their rows , in on which fare build the life the future giant ( was also the title of a magazine internal that ibm began to publish in 1935 ) .
sure was also the basis of a culture of company with levantada .
&quot; to us , ibm means a thought to long term , a movement ongoing in direction future .
ibm has sobrevivido and been for hundred years reason , because remained faithful to their principles basic , but would to the changes around .
that we has allowed , for our first century , turned the technology , the business and the society .
we bear still more in our second century &quot; , said for their anniversary , the current director of the company samuel j. palmisano .
a system sofisticado
sure , already in the years 30 , preocupó the care of their employees as the entrepreneur of baťa in liberec ( the employees of ibm were of the first workforce american that gozaron of holiday pagadas , safe , uniforms elegant and a sofisticado system of pay premiaba to the best inventores and sellers .
the same sofisticación to long term it is ibm in the relationship with the client .
already since the principle the company was be talentos ( the be a of the first companies world in end with any kind of discrimination , could choose problems ) .
in the line of the strategy sufficient is the plan current of ibm , the to palmisano sustituirá the year next a woman : virginia rometty .
she already has working thirty years in ibm , where has been head of sales , márquetin and strategies .
for the last years ibm has participated of the called events online , rain of ideas in line , of the arise variety of future strategies and developments .
not is of stunning that sobren ideas , because in the signing working almost half million of people .
a institution with good account
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the position set in the business provided to the company a image internal and external strong .
&quot; since the principle , ibm remained a concept of institution more that of company technological &quot; , says the becker teacher of the harvard best school and autora the book on ibm rosabeth moss kanter .
&quot; ibm not is a company technological , but a company is resolve problems of business to users of the technology &quot; , puntualiza orwell colony of the consultora forrester roslin .
as the own company says there a difference between into in the business and create directly a business .
<<<<<<< HEAD
ibm - or the &quot; britain green &quot; - as known in the ee.uu. familiarmente to cause of their logo , has become in the last hundred years in one of the elderly companies the world .
is possibly the company technological more versátil ( develops therefore equipment as programmes , infrastructure and services alojamiento website within of a wider range of services , which will since servants to nanotecnología ) .
holds the greater number of patent of all the companies tecnológicas as and five of their employees have received the prize nobel .
between their inventos are the cash cash , the cards of payment , the permutas financial , the codes of bars and the disquetes .
=======
ibm - or the &quot; britain green &quot; - as it known in the ee.uu. familiarmente to cause of their logo , has become in the last hundred years in one of the elderly companies the world .
is possibly the company technological more versátil ( develops therefore equipment as programmes , infrastructure and services alojamiento website within of a wider range of services , will since servants to nanotecnología ) .
holds the greater number of patent of all the companies tecnológicas concerned and five of their employees have received the prize nobel .
between their inventos are the cash automatic , the cards of payment , the permutas financial , the codes of bars and the disquetes .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
ibm facturará this year 220 billion million of dollars . this year has become in the second signing technological coverage of market ( the first is apple ) , when overtook first time in 1996 to microsoft .
know at future
not all the products and developments just of satisfy the will of the customers and the time ( ibm not apostó their own system operational , os / 2 , services in line prodigy or computers ibm pcjr ) .
&quot; if their business is in move , not can anclarse emotionally in the past &quot; , extended samuel j. palmisano .
that , ibm not has problems in build their foundations in other platforms ( and also , if not work , abandon ) .
and it difference of the competition , microsoft , basically is and is always exclusively with windows .
technology of future
<<<<<<< HEAD
in question of sales , ibm he on all to services , of the which approximately one fifth part are of programmes and another rounds of equipment .
with all , still in 1990 the equipment represented more of the half of the share of the suppliers .
to from the year 2000 , ibm has sold assets of under performance a value total of 15 billion million of dollars . during in the same period , has made 58 billion million of dollars in the buying of technology of future .
the investment have followed since 2008 , when first time manifested the modern crisis financial world .
ibm it according premises of their first head , he j. addressing , who during the great crisis economic the 29 increased the investment .
seems that to now the company ibm has who capear the crisis .
the value of the actions of ibm since the start the year 2008 has grown estratosféricamente to a 120 % , the benefit net of the company not has left of increase .
the motto of ibm is change all , except their value .
can , therefore , wait that when missed the next crisis , this gigante flexible aguantará .
history of ibm : since the cortadora of meats to the flights space
the company ibm ( international best machines ) founded in new york ago hundred years , being their name original computing tabulating recording corporation .
the name ibm which already in the year 1924 - originalmente was of a mark used in the sucursales of canada and america the south .
the basis which was place the birth of ibm arises of the merger of four companies which extend to the the of 1880 .
president inventos as the famous &quot; clock of fichar &quot; , which allows control the entry and exit of the employees .
=======
in question of sales , ibm spins on all to services , of the approximately one fifth part are of programmes and another rounds of equipment .
with all , still in 1990 the equipment represented more of the half of the share of the suppliers .
to from the year 2000 , ibm has sold assets of under performance a value total of 15 billion million of dollars . for in the same period , has made 58 billion million of dollars in the shopping of technology of future .
the investment have followed since 2008 , when first time manifested the modern crisis financial global .
ibm it that premises of their first head , case j. sure , who for the great crisis economic the 29 increased the investment .
seems that to now the company ibm has known capear the crisis .
the value of the actions of ibm since the start the year 2008 has grown estratosféricamente to a 120 % , the benefit net of the company not has left of increase .
the motto of ibm is change all , everywhere their value .
can , because , wait that when missed the next crisis , this gigante flexible aguantará .
history of ibm : since the cortadora of meats to the flights space
the company ibm ( international best machines ) founded in new york ago hundred years , being their name original computing tabulating recording corporation .
the name ibm taking already in the year 1924 - originalmente was of a mark used in the sucursales of canada and america the south .
the basis was place the birth of ibm arises of the merger of four companies extend to the the of 1880 .
possessed inventos as the famous &quot; clock of fichar &quot; , allows control the entry and exit of the employees .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the architect of the new company was the man of business charles ranlett flint , who to 1930 also chaired their council supervisor .
flint fichó head of a company of the competition , case j. sure , to that ayudase with the management of the company .
the new leader eclipsó the founder of ibm ( the ideas of sure are being the basis clear on the sustentan the culture and identity corporativas ) .
sure addressed the company to the year 1952 .
ibm , as could their name , began with the production and sale of all kind of equipment to business , since cortadores of meat and cheese to boxes recent .
for the four first years that sure addressed the company , the turnover duplicó in 9 million of dollars and began the great expansion of the company the continents .
sure was so crucial to the company , almost after forty years may the wheelchair the head , was potential their son , case sure junior .
under their direction , ibm began to work in the development of the intelligence artificial and developed the first language of programming .
in the years 60 the staff and the computers of ibm ayudaron to the nasa to guiar the flights space ( to mercury , rings and in 1969 the famous flight to the moon ) .
while therefore , in 1964 ibm developed the first generation of computers , the series ibm system / 360 .
the clásicos &quot; pecés &quot; , instauraron the standard of computers of at time , came market with the name of ibm 5150 in 1981 .
twenty years after , ibm marketed their production of computers to the company chinese lenovo , the which , their part , gained the part of consultancy of the company pricewaterhouse coopers and began to offer a complete advice and services of high value added .
the strategy has paid ibm these three last years is the concept smarter planet , is say , &quot; a planet more intelligent &quot; .
their aim is do a use more rational of the technology , although still not have planned the areas not has improved the circumstances , example , in what main transport and the administration of cities .
to the sector the trade , ibm presented not ago a the platform &quot; smart commerce &quot; allows to the retailers manage the cycle commercial complete .
ibm has a long history in this country .
already in 1932 was a branch in the czechoslovakia of then , the first country it had in the europe central and eastern .
today here , the ibm čr operates also the centre strategic of externalización in brno .
the headquarters to europe central and eastern has is in prague . also here there a team of research of reputation global working with the recognition of voice .
rychtářová about of their husband infiel :
¡ iveta , happen to that burro , already not i !
darina rychtářová ( 53 ) said ¡ is !
after of that their husband josef rychtář ( 53 ) had become in the only protector of iveta bartošová ( 45 ) , but also their zeus , darina was taking the hope of that josef despertara of their dream view and would to home .
<<<<<<< HEAD
however already not will to wait and has made rules clear for the life in the future .
&quot; pepe can to to home , but already not as my couple &quot; , he rychtářová .
when darina rychtářová took during the summer to bartošové in their home , not could not imagine how which their marriage .
to despite of the request , iveta not had shift thirty days after of říčany and pepe not came to the berber .
to declared really that the amaba .
with the time , darina resignó , apparently accepted the relationship of their husband and even despidió of he for always .
=======
however already not is to wait and has made rules clear to the life in the future .
&quot; pepe can return to home , but already not as my couple &quot; , explain rychtářová .
when darina rychtářová took for the summer to bartošové in their home , not could or imagine how eliminate their marriage .
to despite of the request , iveta not had little thirty days after of říčany and pepe not came to the berber .
even declared publicly that the amaba .
with the time , darina resignó , apparently accepted the relationship of their husband and even despidió of he to always .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
to rychytář not you care with who acuesta their woman .
if a day rychtář rompiera with bartošová , their woman not esperaría in home with the sit open .
is the father biológico of my children and , if want live the rest of their life in our home , nobody echará &quot; .
&quot; but here would not already as my querido and old borrico equivocó , but as a man that i merging certain links &quot; , said rychtářová and trust that already had desenganchado of their husband and stayed only in the respect mutual .
to josef to now not you care that woman you has closed the door of back .
&quot; accept the decision of my woman &quot; .
&quot; be with iveta and not there change possible &quot; .
&quot; my woman set this as a marriage on the role and i respect &quot; .
&quot; the company is in force , i the arreglos of home , cuido the garden , the home , i the purchases &quot; .
&quot; darina and i we we with normality , what only is that not we bed , said rychtář .
if rychtářová encontrase a new love , he not opondría .
&quot; not dormimos together and she not i is , or where is or if has some novio .
already know that is fault my , i enamoré of iveta and advised the the responsibility &quot; , concluded josef .
the worst devil of the women : ¿ also are to you ?
if pedís to the men that are able of quote some devil classic of the women , in general every one of them the nombrará think .
<<<<<<< HEAD
dear women , ¿ you reconocéis in the lines to , where citan certain devil femeninos which obtaining do hervir the blood to the boys ?
ir of purchases
¿ you reprocha to their average orange which has dependence of the purchases ?
=======
dear women , ¿ you reconocéis in the lines as , where citan certain devil femeninos obtaining do hervir the blood to the sex ?
ir of purchases
¿ you reprocha to their average orange has dependence of the purchases ?
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
¿ has that comprarse what least a trapito in week ?
¿ you like buy to often in the cheap ?
then in their case can say that go of purchases has become in a vice .
some women are account that should appease their pasión the purchases , what least a little .
but to see , ¿ what woman could resistir the temptation of wander more the shops of clothes , seek prendas well ajustadas and after probárselas all in the probador ( idealmente in all colours different ) ?
<<<<<<< HEAD
although for the majority of the women go of purchases is a elucidation , for the men can a virtually in a hell .
only remind how sometimes already you has said to their couple which better espere ahead of the door .
=======
although to the majority of the women go of purchases is a elucidation , to the men can corner virtually in a hell .
only remind how times already you has said to their couple better it espere ahead of the door .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the dissatisfaction constant
&quot; ¿ not am too blind ? &quot;
&quot; emphasized adelgazar what least five agent - ¿ should start to do exercise ? &quot;
&quot; ¿ of truth you will ? &quot;
¿ not you these sentences ?
¿ to that ?
then is a of these women obsesionadas their aspect .
not is that you should stop of cuidarse , but many men are alérgicos to listen to their couple quejarse all the time of their aspect physical .
the sex strong also is of agreement in as more is the often of the complaints , more molestas are the women .
the order and the bit in first place
is as a tiovivo infinito .
must the windows , happen the aspiradora , fregar the soil , denied the dust , fregar the pools and all that what least two times week .
¿ you reprocha to their couple you has pisado the soil fair with a ordinary dirty , to their children have ensuciado a lavabo washed and a estantería with doors of glass therefore you cost must ?
in case of that you sufra this &quot; handicap &quot; , pruebe to be aware of that nothing should exaggerating and the order and the bit surely not should should be primordiales in the family .
this desire inofensivo of bit could amenazar their relations and the welfare family .
do comments unpleasant
&quot; the calzoncillos category are with the clothes soiled . &quot;
&quot; love ponerte also tomorrow these calcetines category &quot;
&quot; ¡ the trapo were not is in the soil ! &quot;
if ago these cometarios to their couple more times day , will that will sacarlo of their limit .
course . you not want say nothing bad , only want get that all is in order .
time , if the men supiesen this , the women , their part , not would many comments .
calumnias and chismes
to some women them will also the calumnias , the chismes , but also the ofensas and the conspiración against someone .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the women concentran in the relations , that them like speak electronic of things the kind who , where , with who , how and what .
to what best to every one of source to sometimes you escapa a of and inofensivo chisme .
=======
the women concentran in the relations , that them like speak north of things the kind who , where , with who , how and what .
to what best to every one of source to times you escapa a of and inofensivo chisme .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
with the hand in the heart , this is own of almost all the women .
another hand , there women chismosas of growers not monitored , to the them love chismorrear and do to often , desprecian to all and are dangerous to the the around , on all in a team labour highest .
jágr and voráček ayudaron with their asistencias to through the philadelphia
<<<<<<< HEAD
the delantero of hockey jaromír jágr took the monday in the meeting of nhl with two asistencias which trajeron the victory on the philadelphia 5 : 3 in the cancha of carolina and again to to to the players czech in the forefront of the competition .
in two cases claude giroux availed the ground of the star of 39 years , and was a step more and was declared better player the party .
adjudicó two asistencias in the party and also the about of jágr , jakub voráček .
after the meeting , jágr said to the journalists of from that giroux had predicted a great night .
=======
the delantero of hockey jaromír jágr took the monday in the meeting of nhl with two asistencias trajeron the victory on the philadelphia 5 : 3 in the cancha of carolina and again to put to the players czech in the forefront of the competition .
in both cases claude giroux availed the ground of the star of 39 years , and was a step more and was declared better player the party .
adjudicó two asistencias in the party and also the area of jágr , jakub voráček .
after the meeting , jágr said to the journalists of perform that giroux had predicted a great night .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; already before the party you had said that would triplete &quot; .
&quot; what presentía &quot; .
&quot; to times seem emboscadas &quot; , explain jágr , after of that their action you diese a gol to giroux , to result the first trallazo the flyers .
a member after also the second intervention the team had a trace czech .
<<<<<<< HEAD
voráček was with the disco behind of the portería of the hurricanes and movió between the circles to maxim talbot , which metió gol .
a second before of the first thought a player local , patrick dwyer , was expulsado , but since the principle of the second part already dominaron the flyers .
=======
voráček was with the disco behind of the portería of the hurricanes and movió between the circles to maxim talbot , metió gol .
a second before of the first break a player local , patrick dwyer , was expulsado , but since the principle of the second part already dominaron the flyers .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
specifically giroux .
after cooperate with jágr metió the third gol , after of that their disparo colase the quarter of the portería of wayne simmonds .
&quot; i love playing with he &quot; .
&quot; not i say that be the best player of the cancha , but doubt is between the three best &quot; , ponderó jágr to their central .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; never i would happened which the end of my career was to playing with a deportista as he &quot; .
&quot; am very generally of this &quot; .
&quot; i playing for he &quot; .
all these years in the nhl , my colleagues jugaban for me , and that now is results &quot; , adds jágr .
carolina still became the party in a drama , with the gol of tuom ruutu and then of new of dwyer , of penalti , to only to a gol of distance .
matt read not allowed more complications , although ended superados in number of two against one .
&quot; pronger had a good action in our field &quot; .
&quot; despejó the disco , i i speed and read was towards the part more alejada &quot; .
&quot; traté of atinarle the disco and am pleased because what distracted &quot; , describía voráček the last gol the party as as lived .
with their victory , philadelphia has since in head of the conference east .
the ombudsman czech the montreal , jaroslav špaček , not playing to the end the party against buffalo , in the second third from a injury in the part higher the body .
the canadiens not only lost a player with very experience in defence , but also a difference of two goals , 2 : 3 .
tomáš plekanec not it take one of the shots .
more which the points recovered the you local lamentó the great amount of lesionados in the last class , and playing the party only with five have .
=======
&quot; never i would happened the end of my career was to playing with a deportista as he &quot; .
&quot; am very satisfied of &quot; .
&quot; i playing to he &quot; .
all these years in the nhl , my colleagues jugaban to me , and that now is results &quot; , adds jágr .
carolina still became the party in a drama , with the gol of tuom ruutu and then of new of dwyer , of penalti , even undertaken to a gol of distance .
matt read not allowed more complications , although ended superados in number of two against one .
&quot; pronger had a good action in our field &quot; .
&quot; despejó the disco , i spoke speed and read was to the part more alejada &quot; .
&quot; traté of atinarle disco and am pleased because what distracted &quot; , describía voráček the last gol the party as lived .
with their victory , philadelphia has since in head of the conference east .
the ombudsman czech the montreal , jaroslav špaček , not playing to the end the party against buffalo , in the second third receded a injury in the part higher the body .
the canadiens not only lost a player with a experience in defence , but also a difference of two goals , 2 : 3 .
tomáš plekanec not was take one of the shots .
more the points losses the you local lamentó the great amount of lesionados in the last class , and playing the party only with five have .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; that is bad &quot; .
&quot; provides the party only with a player veterano , the rest were noveles &quot; .
&quot; in end , but is that against that not can do nothing , have that lidiar with &quot; , said jacques martin .
&quot; therefore rotar to the players came against us , not we resistir &quot; .
&quot; had that simplify more still the game , from the disco of our field &quot; .
&quot; and stop bits &quot; , explain one of the have , p. k. subban .
the portero ondřej pavelec played with thirty speeches the winnipeg in the victory of 5 : 2 on the tampa bay .
the goals of jets were marcados five players put end to a series of derrotas already duraban five parties .
how have there the prices of the travel since 1989
to 1989 had in the czechoslovakia of then only five agencies of travel state you : čedok , sporturist , ckm , rekrea and autoturist .
the agencies of travel of at time vendían in the majority of the cases travel only bloc socialist , because the travel to west were very restringidos .
the tourists czech would , therefore , of holiday to the beaches of the sprinkler ( republic democratic s ) , to the union soviet , ( sochi in crimea in the sea black ) to bulgaria and romania ( ambas in the sea black ) and to hungary ( balaton ) .
<<<<<<< HEAD
a exception positive was the period for between 1962 and 1972 , when could travel to yugoslavia , however , after the regime yugoslavo inclinó towards the west and the travel of the tourists czech were then some restringidos .
a great somewhat the socialism was the fact which to the citizens the bloc socialist ( or be , also to the checoeslovacos ) not them permitiese travel free and individually not even the countries socialist .
=======
a exception positive was the period aware between 1962 and 1972 , when could travel to yugoslavia , however , after the regime yugoslavo inclinó to the west and the travel of the tourists czech were then some restringidos .
a great somewhat the socialism was the fact to the citizens the bloc socialist ( or be , also to the checoeslovacos ) not them permitiese travel free and individually or even the countries socialist .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
if a citizen wanted travel individually , example , to poland or to the union soviet , needed a letter of invitation , if not , the journey individual not was possible .
the agencies of journey ofrecían in those times also travel west , but one should put to the eu with a together of taking and happen the the night , or have &quot; good known &quot; in the agency .
still not all was cattle .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the called &quot; promise of change &quot; that was the condition for the travel the west , not concedía to the &quot; people politically little reliable &quot; , that not could travel in all .
the currency checoslovaca not was a currency freely converted and , guarantee of change , not was possible obtain the resources ( the currency western ) for travel to west .
the great majority of the czech become their holiday in their own country , what which had a great number of bonemeal and houses of summer , that the czech adquirían . this preparation still persiste .
the way of travel of the czech has suffered since 1989 a real revolution .
while which to 1989 for us was the not will more to the holiday in the sprinkler or bulgaria , the year last the czech did 4,5 million of travel of holiday to countries of all the world .
is nna great somewhat , of the which today day already not are aware , the fact of which the destination currently favourite , croatia , to 1989 not could travel freely , because was part of the yugoslavia of then .
to principles of the years 90 imposed the exemption of visa for travel to the states neighbours of europe western , what which was a wave huge of visits of shorter an , sobretodo to vienna or germany .
the checoeslovacos , during a time , not pretended hartos of the excursiones the west , all the world wanted verlo the what least a time .
example , in paris dormían the groups of czech in the parks in shops of campaign , already which our income of then not we permitían pay a hotel or pension .
a feature typical of the czech of at time was the be because the food ( tomatoes , analogues , etc. ) for save .
another time important was the introduction of the convertibilidad of the nickel czech , our tourists were finally , after of decades , buy freely currency western .
our level of life aumentaba and with he also the wages resources , what which around of 1997 was a increase in the demand of travel .
with the increase of the demand of travel they the agencies , to from of 1997 with issue , to preparation the travel using the links of flights chárter , what which was come incredibly the prices of the travel in compared with the past , thanks to the possibility of obtain respondents the volume of passengers .
to end of the 90 the century last , already the czech found visa to almost all the countries developed , are ee.uu. , what which simplificó still more our travel .
another time interesting in the history the tourism pos-revolucionario happened already in the 2000 , when was organised , thanks to a huge demand , the first flight direct since liberec to a country exótico , and was to thailand .
since at year , proceed all the years flights chárter direct with tourists czech was countries distant and calurosos . this winter already volará directly since liberec to 12 destinations exóticos .
the countries exóticos the their currently closely of 100 thousand czech the year .
another time interesting of this time , which symbolises our development pos-revolucionario , came in the year 2008 .
the 17 of november of 2008 , ee.uu. squeezed the visa for the tourists czech , with what which our country happened to be between the countries more developed the world .
in 2008 the czech , first time in their history , have happened more of the half of their holiday in the abroad ( 50,3 % ) and first time in their history , have located in travel the foreign more of 15 thousand coronas blatant head , including the expenditure in the website of stay .
harare house general ordinaria for choose the president , which could end of new in point dead .
since ago almost five months the football czech is president and is likely that the successor of ivan hašek as president of the federation czech of futbol ( fačr ) , not conocerá not after the call of the next house general extraordinary which will place this thursday in nymburk .
of done , still not has come to a agreement on the rules of vote to continue .
the same , not will vote even for choose between the three candidates .
the interested to presidir the football czech are jindřich rajchl , miroslav pelta and tomáš paclík .
hašek renunció to their office in june not before rectify to their colleagues with the purpose of find a person strong which supiese means the football in the future .
however , after of conclude era hašek , used a controversy between the two federaciones of the partnership unable of to to a agreement for are a candidate common .
this became in fact the 16 of september when had that be elected the new president .
the delegates of the house general met in vain in the home national ( národní dům ) , on in the area praguense of smíchov , because the discussions had blocked and not only in as the method of election .
not came to no consensus not in as to who in the house general had right to vote - only the representatives legal or also the delegates with full powers .
to from of that time and because to this only point , in a agreement this , broadly also the recommendation the institute of state and right , according the which the representation full powers not is possible .
however , the disputes on the code electoral are open .
more light on the situation already not could throw not the committee executive that , in their meetings , ordinarias or extraordinary , all not falls nothing .
the opinion on the possibility of vote has changed a couple of sometimes already , but the point capitol still being the same .
the question is the next : ¿ of what way proceed in the third round for avoid the point dead ?
&quot; the dispute about in on to if must proceed of agreement with the estatutos or find another model &quot; , says dušan svoboda , one of the three vicepresidentes of the fačr , which , since the direction of the partnership , represents the futbol professional .
according the model proposed in the estatutos , in the third round going at candidate which have greater percentage of support in the federation to the which will their candidacy .
the region of moravia is ready to to to a compromise for that can earn at candidate with a greater percentage total of votes in both federaciones .
the part bohemia , however , needs the condition of that the winner , according these are porcentuales , should have the majority of the least two thirds .
&quot; this you quitaría , however , the sense to the two rounds previous and negaría completely the concept of system bicameral &quot; , is as svoboda understand the concerns of the part morava , according which what best would not play the order and vote according estatutos files .
with what in , surprisingly , is of agreement also tomaš paclík , although is that the regulation electoral set the estatutos of all the candidates be more to pelta .
&quot; i like that votara the the of agreement with the estatutos &quot; .
&quot; for that not inventen no tontería about of the representatives as in the last house general &quot; , says the you of victory plzen , which postula first time as candidate and which at their comments mainly in against of pelta .
pelta still being positive .
=======
the called &quot; promise of change &quot; that was the condition to the travel west , not concedía to the &quot; people politically little reliable &quot; , that not could travel in all .
the currency checoslovaca not was a currency freely converted and , guarantee of change , not was possible obtain the resources ( the currency western ) to travel to west .
the great majority of the czech become their holiday in their own country , what had a great number of bonemeal and houses of summer , that the czech adquirían . this preparation still persiste .
the way of travel of the czech has suffered since 1989 a real revolution .
while to 1989 to us was the not is more happen the holiday in the sprinkler or bulgaria , the year last the czech did 4,5 million of travel of holiday to countries of all the world .
is nna great somewhat , of the today day already not are aware , the fact of the destination currently favourite , croatia , to 1989 not could travel freely , because was part of the yugoslavia of then .
to principles of the years 90 imposed the exemption of visa to travel to the states neighbours of europe western , what was a wave huge of visits of shorter duration , sobretodo to vienna or germany .
the checoeslovacos , for a time , not pretended hartos of the excursiones west , all the world wanted verlo the what least a time .
example , in paris dormían the groups liberated czech in the parks in shops of campaign , already our income of then not we permitían pay a hotel or pension .
a feature typical of the czech of at time was the be brought the food ( tomatoes , analogues , etc. ) to save .
another time important was the introduction of the convertibilidad of the nickel czech , our tourists were finally , after of decades , buy freely currency western .
our level of life aumentaba and with he also the wages resources , what around of 1997 was a increase in the demand of travel .
with the increase of the demand of travel they the agencies , to from of 1997 with issue , to preparing the travel using the links of flights chárter , what was come incredibly the prices of the travel in compared with the past , thanks to the possibility of obtain respondents the volume of passengers .
to end of the 90 the century last , already the czech found visa to almost all the countries developed , exception ee.uu. , what which simplificó still more our travel .
another time interesting in the history the tourism pos-revolucionario happened already in the 2000 , when was organised , thanks to a huge demand , the first flight direct since liberec to a country exótico , and was to thailand .
since at year , proceed all the years flights chárter direct with tourists czech was countries distant and calurosos . this winter already volará directly since liberec to 12 destinations exóticos .
the countries exóticos the their currently closely of 100 thousand czech year .
another time interesting of this time , symbolises our development pos-revolucionario , was in the year 2008 .
the 17 of november of 2008 , ee.uu. squeezed the visa to the tourists czech , with what our country happened to be between the countries more developed the world .
in 2008 the czech , first time in their history , have happened more of the half of their holiday in the abroad ( 50,3 % ) and first time in their history , have located in travel foreign more of 15 thousand coronas blatant head , including the expenditure in the website of stay .
dead house general ordinaria to choose the president , could end of new in point dead .
since ago almost five months the football czech is president and is likely that the successor of ivan hašek as president of the federation czech of futbol ( fačr ) , not conocerá or after the call of the next house general extraordinary will place this thursday in nymburk .
of done , still not has come to a agreement on the rules of vote to continue .
the same , not will vote even to choose between the three candidates .
the interested to presidir the football czech are jindřich rajchl , miroslav pelta and tomáš paclík .
hašek renunció to their office in june not before rectify to their colleagues with the purpose of find a person strong supiese means the football in the future .
however , after of conclude it era hašek , used a controversy between the two federaciones of the partnership unable of come to a agreement to are a candidate common .
became in fact the 16 of september when had that be elected the new president .
the delegates of the house general met in vain in the home national ( národní dům ) , on in the area praguense of smíchov , because the discussions had blocked and not only in as method of election .
not was to no consensus or in as to who in the house general had right to vote - only the representatives legal or also the delegates with full powers .
to from of that time and because to this only point , in a agreement this , broadly also the recommendation the institute of state and right , according the which the representation full powers not is possible .
however , the disputes on the code electoral are open .
more light on the situation already not could throw not the committee executive that , in their meetings , ordinarias or extraordinary , basically not falls nothing .
the opinion on the possibility of vote has changed a couple of times already , but the point ourselves is being the same .
the question is the next : ¿ of what way proceed in the third round to avoid the point dead ?
&quot; the dispute about in on to if must proceed of agreement with the estatutos or find another model &quot; , says dušan svoboda , one of the three vicepresidentes of the fačr , , since the direction of the partnership , represents the futbol professional .
according the model proposed in the estatutos , in the third round are at candidate have greater percentage of support in the federation to the which will their candidacy .
the region of moravia is ready to come to a compromise to that can win at candidate with a greater percentage total of votes in both federaciones .
the part bohemia , however , needs the condition of that the winner , according these side porcentuales , should have the majority of the least two thirds .
&quot; this you quitaría , however , the sense to the two rounds previous and negaría complete the concept of system bicameral &quot; , is as svoboda understand the concerns of the part morava , that which what best would not play the order and vote that estatutos files .
with what , surprisingly , is of agreement also tomaš paclík , although is that the regulation electoral established the estatutos of all the candidates be more to pelta .
&quot; i like that votara the full of agreement with the estatutos &quot; .
&quot; to that not inventen no tontería about of the representatives as in the last house general &quot; , says the cold of victory plzen , postula first time as candidate and is their comments mainly in against of pelta .
pelta is being positive .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
according he , in nymburk decide on the new president and he believe that the candidates in the future cooperaran of way constructive .
&quot; all the pasiones apaciguarán with the party of today of our team national in the championship european .
&quot; the football will to be protagonista , and cooperara more to will &quot; says the representative the jablonice , of the three candidates has more experience in management the football , therefore to level professional as regional .
rajchl is the more reticent .
&quot; hope that comes to a agreement , but , unfortunately , the situation is much more difficult . &quot;
&quot; not is the conflict between bohemios and moravos , but there attempts of ajustar the rules to their own convenience . &quot;
&quot; this can have as result a new deadlock of the house general . &quot;
&quot; of all case , hope that present the sense common &quot; , said rajchl .
<<<<<<< HEAD
already not is a time for that all the parties come to a agreement .
some negotiations had that take in montenegro , but ¿ who can know to that start the party if the team of football will completely ?
the air special , in the which had that travel to podgorica , between other the vicepresidentes dalibor kucera and rajchl , not has this morning problems technical in prague , taking that buscarse a alternative for carry to part the committee executive the place where will place the party of classification .
quizas the meeting decisive , end , could be the which will place to level ministerial , which , according have , will this wednesday .
to josef dobeš , minister of education , youth and sports , you like much integrate to the parties divided to the organisation integrating more powerful the country for that comes to a agreement .
there a in game : the benefits state , the credibility the football and also the next house general the committee central of the federation checoslovaca the sport ( čstv ) that increase made of a new direction the sport czech after the problems financial of the home of loterías sazka .
=======
already not is a time to that all the parties come to a agreement .
some negotiations had that take in montenegro , but ¿ who can know to that start the party if the team of football will complete ?
the air special , in the had that travel to podgorica , between other the vicepresidentes dalibor kucera and rajchl , not has this morning problems technical in prague , taking that buscarse a alternative to carry to part the committee executive the place where will place the party of classification .
quizas the meeting decisive , end , could be the will place to level ministerial , , that have , will this wednesday .
to josef dobeš , minister of education , youth and sports , you like much integrate to the parties divided to the organisation integrating more powerful the country to that comes to a agreement .
there a in game : the benefits state , the credibility the football and also the next house general the committee central of the federation checoslovaca the sport ( čstv ) that increase made of a new direction sport czech after the problems financial of the home of loterías sazka .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
paclík luchará achieve the presidency , because not is a candidate more appropriate .
if the head of the futbolistas of pilsen , tomaš paclik , before of the house general extraordinary conociera the name of a candidate appropriate satisficiese all their ideas on the new president of the federation czech of football ( fačr ) , or would as candidate to a since so relevant .
&quot; if would a person appropriate , would fighting she and not i would as candidate to the elections . &quot;
&quot; but to the day of today not has been find a person &quot; , said paclík to the agency of news czech ( čtk )
what justifies to paclík to into in the challenge with miroslav pelta and henry rajchl is exactly the possibility of block to pelta , the course winner of the elections , opens the way to the presidency of the federation czech of futbol ( fačr ) .
paclík also puntualiza that , in case through , permanecería in the office of president only to 2013 , when become the time of the house general ordinary .
in that office you like see to a expert and good workforce not is too related with the events derisory .
&quot; already i spoken with some people to the could have in account &quot; .
&quot; to me was a madness hear to some say that in this time or even want identify with the football czech . &quot;
&quot; i like change vision &quot; , adds .
what supposed more bother to paclík in this time is the relationship of pelta with the president of the partnership of football regional of pilsen pianist berbr , a man with a past controversial , known would the mundillo as a poderoso lobista with capacity of influence in the vote of the delegates in the house general .
to paclík is so unacceptable see to pelta clear in the sillón presidential .
&quot; in case of gane , hold the status existing and nothing in the football will &quot; .
&quot; with the support of berbra , a man of business ambitious , the football surrendering still least advantage &quot; , said paclík .
mentions also the fact of ago a years the name of pelta was related with a heard telephone for the research of a case of corruption , of the which pelta went impune .
&quot; not know what prestige football could bring the victory of pelta . &quot;
&quot; and with what eyes we plead the uefa and the fifa &quot; , said paclík , also take with a caution their declaration previous &quot; vendería the club pilsen if pelta become in president &quot; .
in the case of win the elections the thursday , paclík could be the cooperation with pelta in the future .
of same opinion is the another candidate , rajchl , has been supported paclík before of the house general of september that was in a fiasco .
&quot; he ( pelta ) would the first the represent &quot; .
&quot; is very capable . &quot;
&quot; i what could imagine , example , as head of the representation &quot; .
&quot; but not as workforce of a partnership &quot; .
&quot; i not meto the narices there where not i am capable &quot; , added paclík , in september suscitó a attention support the from of the commission of referees presidida ludek macel , potential after dagmar damkova .
paclík accepts that atrevería to manage the partnership .
<<<<<<< HEAD
particularly to their capacities of management of the companies private , therefore since the summer last is also the director the pilsen , which with their support took in may the triunfo in first division .
&quot; i force for change some things in the area of football and make to their practice safe . &quot;
&quot; for reduce the influence of some groups of pressure , which probably tend to influence in the decisions the committee disciplined and of appellate , have situations unpleasant , said paclík hidden their antipatías towards the president the sparta daniel křetínský .
one of the priorities also would the of consolidate the relationship between the fačr and the committee olímpico czech , with the aid the which ejercía pressure on the leaders political for that go more money the sport of the tax of the i .
&quot; is one of the problems key the which should conducting the new president . &quot;
&quot; if aumentaran the tax on the games of gambling , as anuncian the parties political , support their arguments , but , frankly , have that tell where will to stop all this money &quot; , out .
ademas , paclík now not has in account even their partnership with the club pilsner , although he same says that the president of the fačr must be &quot; not an &quot; .
pelta is to their time related with jablonec and rajchl with dukla of prague .
&quot; not is ideal . &quot;
&quot; but not see sense the fact of yield hypocritically my actions the club of pilsen to another person for then to there after a year and the &quot; , said paclík .
pelta promised to the fačr new estatutos which acabarían with the point dead of the elections .
two days before of the house general of the partnership of football one of the candidates to the presidency , miroslav pelt , promised that , in case of be elected , coordinating that the fačr would a new estatutos which sirvieran definitely for solve , in the future , the controversy in as the regulation electoral .
the representative the jablonec is positive in as to the meeting of this thursday in nymburk , and believe that the conflict preelectoral could move towards a solution today with the possible victory the team of football .
already before of the elections not made in september , pelta promised look , in case of be elected , precisely in the representation and in custom funds .
decided participate in the last minute in the last house general , what which this be of two months you could go well for defend and present , in a context more broader , their ideas on the management the football .
&quot; the people of all the levels taken the football already ago a time and expected know this thursday at new president . &quot;
&quot; feel that has come the time of that someone gestione the partnership &quot; , think the man which couples mainly with the club of jablonice , but which worked in the sparta and in the committee executive of the partnership .
this reason , believe have enough experience for manage the football czech .
is convinced that behind of the problems current with the elections is the euphoria which hung in the time of ivan hašek .
&quot; unfortunately , in the house general of june were cause the estatutos which not were so lifts as all thought . &quot;
&quot; if excluimos certain interpretations , we a president already since september &quot; , warned pelta .
exactly the readaptación the document more important of the partnership cívica usó as señuelo for who to the delegates .
&quot; if i eligen president , i counts as a challenge personal and am now to to in case of that this falle . &quot;
&quot; is a question of principles , the which not we there &quot; , says pelta .
also , in theory , to not over with their opponents .
already in the past had your that was working with henry rajchl , at that respects their training in right , being aware of that their oponente would also their first of .
already was a time attack to he paclík who , the otherwise of pelta , not he pawn with head .
=======
particularly to their capacities of management of the companies private , because since the summer last is also the director the pilsen , with their support took in may the triunfo in first division .
&quot; have force to change some things in the area of football and make to their practice safe . &quot;
&quot; to reduce the influence of some groups of pressure , probably tend to influence in the decisions the committee past and of appellate , have situations unpleasant , said paclík hidden their antipatías to the president the sparta daniel křetínský .
one of the priorities also would the of consolidate the relationship between the fačr and the committee olímpico czech , with the aid the which ejercía pressure on the leaders political to that go more money sport of the taxes of the lottery .
&quot; is one of the problems key the should conducting the new president . &quot;
&quot; if aumentaran the taxes on the games of gambling , as anuncian the parties political , support their arguments , but , frankly , have that tell where is to stop all this money &quot; , .
ademas , paclík now not has in account even their partnership with the club pilsner , although he same says that the president of the fačr must be &quot; not an &quot; .
pelta is to their time related with jablonec and rajchl with dukla of prague .
&quot; not is ideal . &quot;
&quot; but not see sense the fact of yield hypocritically my actions the club of pilsen to another person to then return there after a year and &quot; , said paclík .
pelta promised to the fačr new estatutos acabarían with the point dead of the elections .
two days before of the house general of the partnership of football one of the candidates to the presidency , miroslav pelt , promised that , in case of be elected , coordinating that the fačr had a new estatutos sirvieran definitely to put , in the future , the controversy in as the regulation electoral .
the representative the jablonec is positive in as to the meeting of this thursday in nymburk , and believe that the conflict preelectoral could move to a solution today with the possible victory the team of football .
already before of the elections not by in september , pelta promised look , in case of be elected , precisely in the representation and in have funds .
decided participate in the last minute in the last house general , what this order of two months you could go well to defend and present , in a context more broader , their ideas on the management the football .
&quot; the people of all the levels is the football already ago a time and expected know this thursday at new president . &quot;
&quot; feel that has come the time of that someone gestione the partnership &quot; , think the man couples mainly with the club of jablonice , but worked in the sparta and in the committee executive of the partnership .
this reason , believe have enough experience to manage the football czech .
is convinced that behind of the problems current with the elections is the euphoria hung in the time of ivan hašek .
&quot; unfortunately , in the house general of june were cause the estatutos not were so useless as all felt . &quot;
&quot; if excluimos certain interpretations , have a president already since september &quot; , warned pelta .
exactly the readaptación the document more important of the partnership cívica usó as señuelo to gain to the delegates .
&quot; if i eligen president , i having as a challenge personal and am ready to respond in case of that this falle . &quot;
&quot; is a question of principles , the which not we there &quot; , says pelta .
also , in theory , is not fight with their opponents .
already in the past had your that was working with henry rajchl , at that respects their training in right , being aware of that their oponente would also their first of .
already was a time attack to case paclík who , the otherwise of pelta , not he pawn with head .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; has more of a year in the world of football , and already has achieved some successes . &quot;
&quot; their attacks but were vergonzosos and a people became the campaign electoral . &quot;
&quot; that many of them dudan on their real nature &quot; , said to their opponent pelta , is being faithful to the statements announced already in september .
their weapon more powerful is , according he , their knowledge the football , since the sports more low to the tariffs .
this last should be escaparate of promotion the football .
&quot; also , intentaría put all the escándalos arose to cause of the bohemians as result the scandal of corruption the year last . &quot;
&quot; immediately after i involucraría in the negotiations with the sector public and the private , to ensure that has enough money to all the football &quot; , said ago two months to the čtk the candidate of 46 years .
to continuation also promised that their appointment as president the football not comportaría no modification personal of the plantilla .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; tendría which know first the tasks of every empleado &quot; , said she to strahov where , after a long period of anarquía , has a nerviosismo comprehensible .
to despite of the scenarios doomsday current which vaticinan to the next house general , he believe that the delegates not travel in vain this thursday to nymburk .
&quot; if the only point of disagreement will how vote in the third round , doubt what we overcome .
&quot; the football needs credibility , the which will only if end has a leader &quot; , still two days before of the hours more decisive in their career of representative , pelta still being positive .
rajchl promised , that under their leadership , the fačr empezaría to work with wish .
if in the quarter house general out elected the current of jindrich rajchl as new president of the partnership of football czech , very people will surely resentida .
=======
&quot; tendría know first the tasks of every empleado &quot; , said give to strahov where , after a long period of anarquía , has a nerviosismo comprehensible .
to despite of the scenarios satisfied current vaticinan to the next house general , he believe that the delegates not travel in vain this thursday to nymburk .
&quot; if the only point of disagreement will how vote in the third round , doubt what we overcome .
&quot; the football needs credibility , the which will only if end has a leader &quot; , still two days before of the hours more decisive in their career of representative , pelta is being positive .
rajchl promised , that under their leadership , the fačr empezaría to work with politics .
if in the quarter house general control elected the current of jindrich rajchl as new president of the partnership of football czech , a people will surely resentida .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
rajchl promised that , in case of be elected , trabajaría hard .
want implement a change systematic and do that the member the committee executive are responsible of every area the football individually .
also compromises to resolve the case of the bohemians , improve the relations with the uefa and the fifa , get more money to the football and continue with the work started the previous president ivan hašek .
&quot; as president , i like dedicarme complete the football &quot; .
&quot; since the contacts international with the uefa and the fifa to the selection , happening the football professional or the numbers of young futbolistas of high performance . &quot;
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; with this not i say that would all only &quot; , said rajchl in a interview for the čtk .
&quot; i a player of team and i gentleman the powers the committee executive of as way that every member can their to a area stating . &quot;
&quot; and asignaré tasks difficult for that the football can , in every one of these segmentos , continue forward with much momentum &quot; .
&quot; to very people this probably not you gustará , because mean start to work very hard and not only criticise the work of the other &quot; , added .
due to the atmosphere of criticism in the movement futbolístico , says that has considered the possibility of not stand of new as candidate .
&quot; all know , that work 20 hours everyday . &quot;
&quot; but need know that this will sense and that not will people behind of my that i would and obstaculizará to every step &quot; , he the for of their indecisión .
&quot; very people i has said that not i darme saakashvili , because then give vencidos also the others &quot; .
&quot; is of have faith for not leave , more &quot; , said .
according say , you justifies also continue the work which already began with hašek .
&quot; during these two years , completed a great part the work which not i that now vanish &quot; .
&quot; there processes which had started and which will their effect within of a couple of years and not i like that someone pare &quot; , announced concerned the fact of that , if eligieran the another candidate , miroslav pelta , the situation in the partnership could to to be as as was before of the time of hašek .
&quot; i i in the order , and is something which , in my opinion , mirek pelta not is capable of keep .
&quot; behind of he is on all all that people which ocuparía the football for that outside only a privileged for a few elected . &quot;
&quot; i can reprochar a lot of things , but not the fact of that am to favour of someone . &quot;
&quot; defend be aim . &quot;
&quot; i do a football for all , because only sentirán well all and not only the elected &quot; , said rajchl .
this also the idea that only serious karlsbad the president .
&quot; although some people trying that otherwise , i in mind do what the moravia . &quot;
&quot; example , is time of think in the fact of gentleman the second division in a part czech and in another morava , whose winners irían to the first division &quot; .
&quot; not would the situation current in the which we only three equipment of moravia , what which represents a problem for the players moravos young &quot; , said rajchl .
=======
&quot; with this not i say that would all only &quot; , said rajchl in a interview to the čtk .
&quot; i a player of team and i destroy the powers the committee executive of way that every member can deal to a area stating . &quot;
&quot; and asignaré tasks difficult to that the football can , in every one of these segmentos , continue forward with much momentum &quot; .
&quot; to a people this probably not you gustará , because mean start to work very hard and not only criticise the work of the other &quot; , added .
due to the atmosphere of criticism in the movement futbolístico , says that has considered the possibility of not stand of new as candidate .
&quot; all know , that work 20 hours everyday . &quot;
&quot; but need know that this will sense and that not will people behind of my that i would and obstaculizará to every step &quot; , explain the reasons of their indecisión .
&quot; a people i has said that not i darme overcome , because then give vencidos also the others &quot; .
&quot; is of have faith to not leave , more &quot; , said .
that say , you justifies also continue the work already began with hašek .
&quot; for these two years , was a great part the work not i that now vanish &quot; .
&quot; there processes had started and will their effect within of a couple of years and not i like that someone pare &quot; , announced concerned the fact of that , if eligieran the another candidate , miroslav pelta , the situation in the partnership could return to be as was before of the time of hašek .
&quot; i i in the order , and is something , in my opinion , mirek pelta not is capable of keep .
&quot; behind of he is on all the that people ocuparía the football to that outside only a privilege to a few elected . &quot;
&quot; i can reprochar a lot of things , but not the fact of that am to favour of someone . &quot;
&quot; defend be aim . &quot;
&quot; i do a football to all , because only sentirán well all and not only the elected &quot; , said rajchl .
is also the idea that only serious bohemian the president .
&quot; although some people trying say otherwise , have in mind do what full moravia . &quot;
&quot; example , is time of think in the fact of destroy the second division in a part czech and in another morava , whose winners irían to the first division &quot; .
&quot; not would the situation current in the have only three equipment of moravia , what represents a problem to the players moravos young &quot; , said rajchl .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
although to the pugna of the elections presidential sumó tomaš paclík , president the club pilsner , rajchl not is of believe in their possibilities of be elected .
&quot; still am have a strong support of the federation czech , the which i was as their of and know that behind of me there successes clear &quot; , said rajchl , whose successes understand the savings of a tens of million of coronas of contracts desventajosos , the negotiations of contracts televisivos and the negotiations on the law of the lottery .
another hand , recognised their part of fault in the federation not is united .
and while claims that pelta is &quot; descalificado to recover the confidence in the football czech &quot; , as the another rival , paclík , as a candidate strong has something offer the football .
&quot; nobody can is that was a great work the pilsen at year &quot; .
&quot; in the case of that be elected , probably will what already began ivan hašek and not cambiaria of way significant the plantilla the staff in the committees . &quot;
&quot; not i use that to my favour &quot; , evalúa to their rivales rajchl .
the pools more fine of europe
step the blue
of stanek
pools since a optical incredible , exquisite bathing in budapest : who visit europe can live their maravilla blue , and , after a visit to the city or a caminata , rejoin their piernas cansadas in bathing burbujeantes .
a book shows where is the best welfare in the water .
<<<<<<< HEAD
when issue meder was a journey of research during the year and the past , had something which not could faltar in their luggage , a bañador .
tumbada of wall on the water , looked the artistic cúpula in what high , nadaba towards the angelotes of mármol , which were in the on of the come and asombraba to the come cubierta modernista restaurada meticulosamente .
you he the one , took note in their libreta the time of all the details interesting on the lifestyle and the history the building .
the historiadora arquitectónica meder exploró more of 200 pools of this way and is in their recent book &quot; badefreuden &quot; : the pools covered in munich , the historical palaces the one in the jungle black , the &quot; constructions of concrete &quot; in taunus .
=======
when issue meder was a journey of research for the year and average past , had something not could faltar in their luggage , a bañador .
tumbada of wall on the water , looked the artistic cúpula in what high , nadaba to the angelotes of mármol , it were in the on of the well and asombraba to the well cubierta modernista restaurada meticulosamente .
you did the bathing , took note in their libreta time of all the details interesting on the lifestyle and the history the building .
the historiadora arquitectónica meder exploró more of 200 pools of this way and is in their recent book &quot; badefreuden &quot; : the pools covered in munich , the historical palaces the bathing in the jungle black , the &quot; constructions of concrete &quot; in taunus .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
was their &quot; journey the bathing more exceptional of centroeuropa &quot; 13 countries : also of germany , austria and switzerland , visited places of italy , france , the republic czech , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania , poland , and a city respectively in luxembourg , serbia and croatia .
this german of 46 years is a real keen of the culture the bathing .
not want have nothing see with the sport , says meder , only the water is different .
only you bother that the sports the bathing have that conformarse with azulejos blue and nostrils to chlorine , while the sports to cause can breathe the fascinating smell of the forests of abetos or listen the alegres trinos of the birds in the park .
&quot; a day i asked what the pools have that be always so feas &quot; , says this head of vienna .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; i to coleccionar pools fine . &quot;
the surface the water greater the architecture .
the chapoteo in the come and the etéreos meats of the sauna . the factor of welfare in the pools is so large because atienden all the ways , according meder .
and if the complaint striving , the pools covered can be a real gift for the view : &quot; in place of soil , in the bathing has a surface of water . &quot;
&quot; a part is transparent , another part reflects the beauty of all the building . &quot;
all dobla ópticamente : the high bóvedas , the azulejos of colours , the trampolines .
the book with photographs in format small &quot; badefreuden &quot; provided in 190 pages data very interesting on the architecture and the history the art in the oasis historical the welfare , but , mainly , wish of established the blue .
meder , the coleccionista of pools discover the recruits leading in their research in hungary .
bigger to the magníficos bathing medicinales as the one of széchenyi of budapest , of 100 years , are the waters with oesophagus in a odd cavidad kárstica ( bathing in cavidades in miskolc-tapolca ) , as termas , whose pools are of waters alcalinas and are in a building with way of bottleneck ( városi termálfürdö in jászberény ) .
many pools descubiertas in switzerland and austria offered these such : while all the city being the eyes in the come techada of zurich , can look to arlberb , leaks of snow , since the come foreign of a one in st . antón , and : in the one turkish there a window since the which can observed the practice in the runway of ski .
the design , as time , more exceptional expected to the customers in längenfeld : the cathedral the water of ötztal seems a ovni which has of have in the alps .
of three sources open remember vapor in winter , while which of fund mountains of ötztal quoting in the sky .
alhambra in the jungle black
to meder , the coleccionista of pools , not you invadía the smell to chlorine in all the pools .
many bathing termales huelen to sulphur , in the bathing of árpád in békescsaba , hungary , the fever to gasóleo is so strong that the people believe have come to a one health .
the smell next of the waters medicinales which contain bicarbonato and álcali and whose légamo pega to the fur the into in the come , a that the welfare of a way special .
issue meder also decepcionó in a place in their search of places bonitos for the one , when wanted visiting pools descubiertas and bathing of sun in the one czech of luhatschowitz , found with a ground blocked .
the one of 1902 the architect duan jurkovic was cerrado .
when meder miró to through of the desmoronadas windows the building modernista red , white and yellow , was the bath grow between the azulejos .
the quickly contrarrestaba in a come encantadora in the jungle black : the palacio termal in bad wildbald .
=======
&quot; launched to coleccionar pools fine . &quot;
the surface the water concern the architecture .
the chapoteo in the well and the etéreos meats of the sauna . the factor of welfare in the pools is so large because atienden all the ways , according meder .
and if the complaint striving , the pools covered can be a real gift to the view : &quot; in place of soil , in the bathing has a surface of water . &quot;
&quot; a part is transparent , another part is the beauty of all the building . &quot;
all dobla ópticamente : the highest bóvedas , the azulejos of colours , the trampolines .
the book with photographs in format small &quot; badefreuden &quot; provided in 190 pages data very interesting on the architecture and the history the art in the oasis historical the welfare , but , mainly , is politics of established the blue .
meder , the coleccionista of pools discover the recruits leading in their research in hungary .
bigger to the magníficos bathing medicinales as the bathing of széchenyi of budapest , of 100 years , are the water with oesophagus in a odd cavidad kárstica ( bathing in cavidades in miskolc-tapolca ) , as a termas , whose pools are of water alcalinas and are in a building with way of bottleneck ( városi termálfürdö in jászberény ) .
many pools descubiertas in switzerland and austria are these such : while the the city being the eyes in the well techada of zurich , can look to arlberb , perpetrators of snow , since the well foreign of a bathing in st . antón , and : in the bathing turkish there a window since the can observed the practice in the runs of ski .
the design , time , more exceptional expected to the customers in längenfeld : the cathedral the water of ötztal seems a ovni has of have in the alps .
of three sources open remember vapor in winter , while of fund mountains of ötztal quoting in the sky .
alhambra in the jungle black
to meder , the coleccionista of pools , not you invadía the smell to chlorine in all the pools .
many bathing termales huelen to sulphur , in the bathing of árpád in békescsaba , hungary , the fever to gasóleo is so strong that the people believe have come to a bathing health .
the smell next of the water medicinales contain bicarbonato and álcali and whose légamo pega to the fur into in the well , a that the welfare of a way special .
issue meder also decepcionó in a place in their search of places bonitos to the bathing , when wanted visiting pools descubiertas and bathing of sun in the bathing czech of luhatschowitz , found with a ground blocked .
the bathing of 1902 the architect duan jurkovic was cerrado .
when meder miró to through of the desmoronadas windows the building modernista red , white and yellow , was the bath grow between the azulejos .
the decline contrarrestaba in a well encantadora in the jungle black : the palacio termal in bad wildbald .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
these bathing have three phases of construction after of itself ; not only can be elements neorománicos of times of their construction in 1844 , if not also a hall arab of lifestyle alhambra , added in 1900 .
since their esmerada modernisation in 1995 , the palacio termal is the bathing favourite of the coleccionista of pools , issue meder , and not only because be natural of the jungle black .
&quot; has much merit fusionar different lifestyles arquitectónicos in a unit so fantastic &quot; , says meder .
in a palacio it inmersión in the well spa apparently not has a importance .
speculation agricultural
the deutsche bank analysing the business of the areas raw
christian teevs
¿ steps the deutsche bank to their business with areas raw agricultural ?
that information of spiegel-online , josef ackermann has evaluate a group of work to check the consequences of the speculation to the poor the world .
in january , the head the consortium want show the consequences .
hamburg ,
to the citizens , the issue is , according a study , the 84 cent of the germans not them seems acceptable that the banks especulen with the areas raw agricultural as the durum or the maize .
two thirds of the encuestados reivindican that the deutsche bank and other institutions crediticias withdrawing of this business because increases the problems of the more poor the world .
this is the result of a survey charge of the organisation of consumers foodwatch .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the study on in a report submitted to foodwatch to middle of october .
the author harald schumann shows that the betting on the that of areas raw global do go the prices , and the banks bear with the responsibility the problem world the hunger .
the campaign the ombudsman the consumer at in particular to josef ackermann , director the deutsche bank , although the large banks as goldman sachs or morgan stanley act of way analogous .
originariamente , the betting on areas raw thought for protect to the their of the oscilaciones of the prices .
the main experts are of agreement in which the players have desacoplado of the takeover and demands , and sacan earnings of the costs of the more poor .
ackermann reaccionó to the criticisms of way different which the competitors american : promised review the demands and said that no business &quot; deserves engage the good reputation the deutsche bank &quot; .
according information of de online , a group of work international is revisando the demands the report of foodwatch .
=======
the study is in a report concrete to foodwatch to in of october .
the author harald schumann shows that the risks on the overflows of areas raw global do go the prices , and the banks bear with the responsibility the problem global the hunger .
the campaign the ombudsman the consumer is in particular to josef ackermann , director the deutsche bank , although the large banks as goldman sachs or morgan stanley act of way analogous .
originariamente , the risks on areas raw thought to protect to the their of the oscilaciones of the prices .
the main experts are of agreement in the players have desacoplado of the takeover and demands , and sacan earnings of the costs of the more poor .
ackermann reaccionó to the criticisms of way different the competitors american : promised review the demands and said that no business &quot; deserves engage the good reputation the deutsche bank &quot; .
that information of de online , a group of work international is revisando the demands the report of foodwatch .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the analysis must be complete to end of year , then presented the results to the directive the deutsche bank , with with the recommendation of how manejar the issue .
to end of january , the direction the bank informará of the consequences .
the final could be a reduction the business of the areas raw , or even their total people .
ackermann is put their image .
thilo bode , founder of foodwatch , took the news , but reaffirmed their criticisms sector financial : &quot; the risks to prices recent of food are of way especially drastic how the despiadados banks perjudican currently the welfare public . &quot;
ackermann is as the greater cabildero banking , especially in the obligations .
&quot; the deutsche bank must withdrawn all the investment of their portfolio in the use in game the money to risks of prices food &quot; , said bode .
&quot; is just if ackermann is the issue of the people is hunger or the reputation the deutsche bank . &quot;
the inspection of ackermann is surprising to first view , but is clear that the head the consortium want offer a image perfect few months before of stop their since .
the monday , the deutsche bank published that the president of the junta directive will something different to what not planeado in the council of administration .
with the people of the controversial speculation agricultural can perfeccionar their image .
and needs that hardly you importen possible losses , of that ocupará their successor .
two thirds anularían the investment in areas raw
foodwatch striving in keep high the pressure on the workforce .
to the time , more of 30.000 internautas have participated in the campaign of the organisation .
the tuesday , bode published the survey to the the institute forsa had was to 1.001 people the 7 and 8 of november .
hardly the 10 cent was legitimate that the deutsche bank ofreciera investment in the apostaran the prices of the food .
many customers the bank were consequences personal the be that their bank participaba in such business : that it survey , two thirds anularían all the investment of the control money of the speculation agricultural .
the 43 cent desaconsejaría a bank to their known , the 49 cent solicitaría , after of think , withdrawn their account and replaced to another institute .
the home 21 in vienna
the flag made
ingeborg wiensowski
a history of architecture with downs and a end happy , the flag of the statement universal austrian of brussels of 1958 was prizes , was in vienna to a museum , became hollow and desmoronó .
now reabre as home of exhibitions .
the architecture of postgerra modern apasiona , the forms clear , the halls of glass , the curvas valientes and the new materials of construction , classic the thought on the progress technician , to what , the flag austriaco the architect knight schwanzer to the statement universal of brussels of 1958 is a example appropriate and known .
the flag of schwanzer was then the cardiff prix of architecture their light and own construction of steel and glass .
the construction as to the today a milestone contemporary of the architecture .
<<<<<<< HEAD
was the architect so known that also was the an of austria in the next statement universal .
with their legendaria tower of four cilindros for mbw more the building adyacente aplanado in munich , happened to be globally known .
their an , designed as a construction temporary for exhibitions levantó after of the statement universal in the schweizer garten with to the station the south of vienna , reformó in 1962 and within refers a museum the century 20 , phoned the &quot; home 20 &quot; .
the building was appropriate but carecía of the areas and technology suitable for a museum ; no wall for colgar art , not a good environment .
to despite of this used to that the art contemporary in vienna had a new home .
the building is which since 2001 and decae every time more .
currently , the architect adolf krischanitz reformó the an , now is &quot; home 21 &quot; and usará in the future as museum of art contemporary .
the tuesday the afternoon refers the museum belvedere , at that belongs the home , with the first statement , a coup of fortunately in true way .
agnes husslein-arco , the new there of the gallery belvedere austrian since 2007 , in a new start .
husslein-arco , doctora in history the art with a considerable career , between other things , patinadora artistic on ice in their youth , more later in sotheby , the museum guggenheim and shirin fundadora the museum of art modern of salzburgo , was the reforms with the insistence of politicians and protectors of the monuments , proporcionó funds public and patrocinadores private and set their use .
to exception the art contemporary , there the works the escultor fritz wotruba of the foundation homónima , should have a cafeteria and a librería and also built a building of offices .
control narrower , budget under
krischanitz was the best election for do .
not only because reformó of way sensitive secession of joseph olbrichs in vienna , amplió and you adjudicó the contest , if not because estudió with schwanzwer in the university techniques of vienna and the an was for he a &quot; place important and in &quot; , in the which contemplaba &quot; almost all the purposes of week &quot; the exhibitions .
was the project and the problem the building , which with with their producers to vienna in their change of use with generosity and easily .
=======
was the architect so known that also was the flag of austria in the next statement universal .
with their legendaria tower of four cilindros to mbw more the building adyacente aplanado in munich , happened to be globally known .
their flag , designed as a construction temporary to exhibitions levantó after of the statement universal in the schweizer garten with to the station the south of vienna , reformó in 1962 and within refers a museum the century 20 , phoned the &quot; home 20 &quot; .
the building was appropriate but carecía of the areas and technology suitable to a museum ; no wall to colgar art , or a good environment .
to despite of used to that the art contemporary in vienna had a new home .
the building is hollow since 2001 and decae every time more .
currently , the architect adolf krischanitz reformó the flag , now is &quot; home 21 &quot; and usará in the future as museum of art contemporary .
the tuesday the afternoon refers the museum belvedere , at that belongs the home , with the first statement , a coup of fortunately in true way .
agnes husslein-arco , the new director of the gallery belvedere austrian since 2007 , issued a new start .
husslein-arco , doctora in history the art with a considerable career , between other things , patinadora artistic on ice in their youth , more later in sotheby , the museum guggenheim and as fundadora the museum of art modern of salzburgo , was the reforms with the insistence of politicians and protectors of the monuments , proporcionó funds public and patrocinadores private and set their use .
to exception the art contemporary , there the works the escultor fritz wotruba of the foundation homónima , should have a cafeteria and a librería and also built a building of offices .
control narrower , budget under
krischanitz was the best election to do .
not only because reformó of way sensitive it secession of joseph olbrichs in vienna , amplió and you adjudicó the contest , if not because estudió with schwanzwer in the university techniques of vienna and the flag was to he a &quot; place important and vast &quot; , in the contemplaba &quot; almost all the purposes of week &quot; the exhibitions .
was the project and the problem the building , disappeared with their producers to vienna in their change of use with generosity and easily .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
in the reforms current there large problems , the building was &quot; a devorador of energy &quot; , said krischanitz .
changed the profile of the windows of the façade of glass , instaló a glass aislante important with heartstrings of glass and remplazó the ceiling of glass a glass of security special .
the bridges térmicos and the vigas of steel reforzaron or remplazaron and the ceilings of amianto rehabilitaron .
<<<<<<< HEAD
two vaults emplearon for the new use , a panel of light descendido between the home and the street provided the iluminación , a bridge serves for into the building almost new , but still the an of schwanzer .
a the doors external original , the home is pintada in talk old caoba and protegida against the oxidación .
=======
two vaults emplearon to the new use , a panel of light descendido between the home and the street provided the iluminación , a bridge serves to into the building almost new , but still the flag of schwanzer .
there the doors external original , the home is pintada in talk old caoba and protegida against the oxidación .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
and the room of cinema is exactly as was before .
and all this with a control narrower part of the office of monuments and a under budget .
&quot; to often had that find material that would good , cheap and also did to the office of protection of monuments &quot; , says krischanitz and means of a soil áspero in the sótano .
to despite of all the pressure , problems and reforms , the building is flexible and plain .
the flag &quot; was of brussels &quot; has been difficult , said ago little krischanitz , one typical &quot; emergence accidental in the history of the city &quot; .
a architecture is &quot; always in the place wrong &quot; and that wanted &quot; give the awareness appropriate &quot; .
in this case the home 21 not is in the place wrong , has happened a coup of fortunately urbanístico . the completely new and planeado &quot; area of the station central &quot; , with housing and offices , is with the schweizer garten .
and time take another coup of fortunately : the home 21 could receive a forward of one construction of krischanitz , because the coleccionista francesca von habsburg has purchased the room of art temporary berlinesa and , as hear , negotiate with the city on a place an in the schweizer garten .
deutsche bahn planning a package of crisis of winter amounts to million
the company has ideado a plan of crisis , evitaría the averías of the trains in winter .
must doblarse the number of staff .
what costs million .
in the fight against the averías and delays of the trains caused the winter , deutsche bahn has located in this year more of 70 million of eur , according a study periodístico .
the newspaper &quot; bild &quot; informed , adduced a plan of crisis internal the group , of the investment will to 2005 of a total of around of 300 million of eur .
to what must get a best availability of the vehicles and of the network certain still with a time far .
between other things , planifica doblar the employees internal and external to 16.000 jobs to fallen the snow of the ways and of the andenes .
the aim is must the andenes of snow and ice to the functioning and the 90 cent of the overtime necessary to the functioning in the term of four to five hours .
ago two months , rüdiger grube , president of deutsche bahn , avisó of averías and delays in the trains also for this winter after a summit with the government and the industry .
the winter last deutsche bahn was considerable problems in the transport of passenger , already , between other things , you faltaron reserves to conditions meteorológicas inauspicious .
many trains regional new have years waiting a authorisation of the office federal certain .
also there a delay in the over of the trains of high speed .
deutsche bahn working since years in check themes of the trains of high speed with often in the workshop , after of that a train of high speed sufriera the rotura of a which in the station central of cologne .
the deutsche bank paid fines millonarias in the ee.uu.
after the tumulto on the president josef ackerman , is a new problem of the ee.uu. , the deutsche bank must pay there a fine millonaria .
<<<<<<< HEAD
as if the problems not are sufficient for the deutche bank , their past in the ee.uu. got the giant the sector , the institute of frankfurt paid 145 million of dollars ( 106 million of eur ) in a agreement , for to end to the campaign debidas to the collapse of five farming of credit during the crisis financial .
is of the sale of titles hipotecarios .
the reguladora of markets financial ncua recrimina to many large banks inducir to the farming of credit with wishful promises to buy products financial ; have minimizado the risks .
such titles lost their value during the crisis financial and prevails to the banks to the day .
&quot; are satisfied of power clearly the issue that the parties have that come to the courts &quot; , said a spokesman the deutsche bank in new york .
=======
as if the problems not are sufficient to the deutche bank , their past in the ee.uu. got the giant the sector , the institute of frankfurt paid 145 million of dollars ( 106 million of eur ) in a agreement , to put end to the campaign debidas to the collapse of five farming of credit for the crisis financial .
is of the sale of titles hipotecarios .
the reguladora of markets financial ncua recrimina to many large banks inducir to the farming of credit with wishful promises to buy products financial ; have minimizado the risks .
such titles lost their value for the crisis financial and prevails to the banks to the day .
&quot; are satisfied of power settle the issue that the parties have that come to the courts &quot; , said a spokesman the deutsche bank in new york .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the bank not accepts no fault with the agreement .
this also applies to citigroup , forced a payment of 20,5 million of dollars .
debbie matz , president of the ncua , took the deferencia of both institutions financial .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the national credit dimension activity ( ncua ) is responsible of the farming of credit of the ee.uu. and giving support in case of collapse for protect investment of customers .
the ncua to reintegrar the losses of million originadas .
=======
the national credit dimension activity ( ncua ) is responsible of the farming of credit of the ee.uu. and giving support in case of collapse to protect investment of customers .
the ncua is reintegrar the losses of million originadas .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the agreements currently closed are their first kind .
the regulatory also had asked accounts to other large banks and in summer entablado pleitos against jpmorgan chase , the blundell bank of scotland and goldman sachs .
in the issue of the dubious titles hipotecarios , are of the called values respaldados mortgages .
these based in appropriations housing .
when the booms buildings of the ee.uu. estalló in 2007 , was to the perdición to many institutions financial .
in september of 2008 , in the point álgido of the crisis financial , the bank of investment us lehman brothers crumbled .
<<<<<<< HEAD
although the results sucedieron ago some years , currently sopla a wind complicated for the banks american .
the investors and the inspection have entablado incontables processes for receive compensation or sancionar untruths .
the agency federal of financiamiento of housing ( fhfa in their ets in english ) has been the greater amount of demands .
reprocha to the 18 large banks international which the two agencies hipotecarias state american fannie mae and freddie mac have tapped the business of the mortgages in a volume of approximately 200 billion million of dollars .
also the deutsche bank has a demand of the fhfa , is of business value of 14,2 billion million of dollars the year 2005 the 2007 .
the inspection requires that the institute of frankfurt written of &quot; the losses substantial &quot; , submitted a figure accurate .
the deutsche bank rejected the debts as unfounded and he that want difficulty .
warren buffett contributes with 10 billion million to ibm
the gurú of the finance , buffett , invierte with force in the company of technologies of the information ibm .
since march has accorded actions a value of more of ten billion million of dollars .
to now the great investor american warren buffett always has declared not invest in companies of computers not technologies of the information already which the prospects the development to long term of the companies are negative .
but has read the report trade of ibm and changed their opinion on invest in the sector .
was understand much before that ibm offers on all services and procura systems of computers for the departments of technologies of the information of other companies .
in the world financial , a investment of warren buffett as as a honour .
what therefore , primitiva of technologies of the information must called &quot; sir ibm &quot; .
buffett desveló currently in the outlet of economy cnbc that has accorded actions of ibm a value of 10,7 thousands of million of dollars since march .
their berkshire hathaway of investment has ascendido with this to a of the elderly accionistas of ibm with a participation the 5,5 cent .
buffett said that ibm not it to now nothing the compromise .
elogió to the direction which occupied of the profits ordinary in the crisis economic .
=======
although the results sucedieron ago some years , currently sopla a wind complicated to the banks american .
the investors and the inspection have entablado incontables processes to receive compensation or sancionar untruths .
the agency federal of financiamiento of housing ( fhfa in their ets in english ) has been the greater amount of demands .
reprocha to the 18 large banks international the two agencies hipotecarias state american fannie mae and freddie mac have tapped the business of the mortgages in a volume of approximately 200 billion million of dollars .
also the deutsche bank has a demand of the fhfa , is of business value of 14,2 billion million of dollars the year 2005 2007 .
the inspection requires that the institute of frankfurt written of &quot; the losses substantial &quot; , submitted a figure accurate .
the deutsche bank rejected the debts as unfounded and explain that want difficulty .
warren buffett contributes with 10 billion million to ibm
the gurú of the finance , buffett , invierte with force in the company of technologies of the information ibm .
since march has took actions a value of more of ten billion million of dollars .
to now the great investor american warren buffett always has declared not invest in companies of computers or technologies of the information already the prospects the development to long term of the companies are negative .
but has read the report commercial of ibm and changed their opinion on invest in the sector .
was understand much before that ibm offers on all services and procura systems of computers to the departments of technologies of the information of other companies .
in the world financial , a investment of warren buffett as as a honour .
what therefore , it primitiva of technologies of the information must called &quot; sir ibm &quot; .
buffett desveló currently in the outlet of economy cnbc that has took actions of ibm a value of 10,7 thousands of million of dollars since march .
their berkshire hathaway of investment has ascendido with to a of the elderly accionistas of ibm with a participation the 5,5 cent .
buffett said that ibm not was to now nothing the compromise .
elogió to the direction took of the profits ordinary in the crisis economic .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; have done a work genial &quot; , said buffett on the strategy .
ibm set since ago some time the services of technologies of the information lucrativos as the functioning of centres of calculation .
the old policy computer of more of 100 years also offers software and advice as powerful equipment to companies .
buffett prevented the companies of technology to the date .
said that only invertía in companies whose business entendiera .
the otherwise , buffett availed the occasion in a train of goods , in a manufacturer of lubricantes or a engineering electronics .
their berkshire hathaway has closely of approximately 80 subsidiaries own , as part of the a series of large groups as coca-cola or munich re , most münchener rück .
buffett , of 81 years , was office of the small company fifteen berkshire hathaway in the 60 and , with weak investment , the amplió to suppression in one of the companies more valuable the world .
not however , their lifestyle of life is humble .
<<<<<<< HEAD
that is a ídolo for countless investors of all the world .
their rapid and infalible sense for earn money you has provided the pater of &quot; oráculo of omaha &quot; .
=======
that is a ídolo to countless investors of all the world .
their rapid and infalible sense to win money you has provided the pater of &quot; oráculo of omaha &quot; .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
after of be the investment of buffett , the actions of ibm in exchange subieron a one cent .
&quot; the gigante blue &quot; , as known to ibm , has a value in exchange of more of 220 billion million of dollars and issues , with with apple and microsoft , between the companies of technology more valuable the world .
with microsoft , said buffett , not want cooperate .
philips philips , their founder , is a friend intimate .
the threat concreta
after the discovery of &quot; the cell of zwickau &quot; , the media of communication turks dudan the state of right german .
a newspaper about of a &quot; ideology bloody &quot; again to reavivarse .
the mullah of eight small employers grist and greeks between the years 2001 and 2006 have a background of the extreme right .
in turkey and in the population german of origin turkish has reacted with fear and concern to this news .
<<<<<<< HEAD
for many germans of origin turkish returning a fantasma which passed dead ago time , since the attacks with way of fires in mölln in november of 1992 and in solingen in may of 1993 , not had happened more episodes of violence with background of extreme right against turks .
=======
to many germans of origin turkish returning a fantasma passed dead ago time , since the attacks with way of fires in mölln in november of 1992 and in solingen in may of 1993 , not had happened more episodes of violence with background of extreme right against turks .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
not however , never has questioned that in germany there xenophobia .
the network ultraderechista latest reveals a scale whose dimensions not were , or much least , previsibles .
&quot; ¿ again to reavivarse the ideology bloody ? &quot; , titula the edition internet the newspaper turkish &quot; haberturk &quot; .
the newspaper &quot; sabah &quot; resalta the otherwise one of the authors the crime was a informer of the office federal of defence of the constitution and shows concerned that the authorities german can be involved in the pantanal ultraderechista .
the community turkish in germany reaccionó with sensatez , the end of week reminded to the victims of the violence racist with a vigilia to the door of brandenburgo .
two weeks before , the community turkish in berlin with with the politicians german and turks reflexionaron in a act formal the fifty anniversary the agreement turco-alemán .
the them brought in scene with alegres colours , as a history with end happy .
the information was to some media turks as a bofetada : &quot; the gift german the fifty anniversary &quot; , says the title of a article in the platform turkish of internet &quot; sheet x &quot; , give background of the chain of mullah .
the emission german &quot; hürriyet &quot; not should in maintain this connection mental .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; comienza to nostrils wrong &quot; , says the title of the spine of ahmet külahci .
resalta that the asesinados were people which pagaban their tax and did a important contribution with their work to the reconstruction of germany .
in the body of internet of germans of procedencia turkish , the behaviour of the police and their of success in the búsquedas discussing very accept .
the authors asombran of that the authorities german not have buscado much before further in the circle of the ultraderecha .
no shows as least rhetorical in as to the drásticos media : &quot; to from of now here lose , to the immigrants not them is more that the is and the on &quot; .
=======
&quot; comienza to get &quot; , says the title of the spine of ahmet külahci .
resalta that the asesinados were people pagaban their taxes and did a important contribution with their work to the reconstruction of germany .
in the body of internet of germans of procedencia turkish , the behaviour of the police and their of success in the búsquedas is very accept .
the authors asombran of that the authorities german not have buscado much before further in the circle of the ultraderecha .
no shows as least rhetorical in as to the drásticos media : &quot; to from of now here lose , to the immigrants not them is more that the stun and the arms &quot; .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; this will the best autoprotección &quot; .
&quot; the peace internal of germany depends very of the quality of the abuse and of the finding of the penalty to the the network &quot; . , says &quot; selen &quot; .
what means that , if the peace internal of germany is in danger , the attacks of mölln and solingen aclararán in nineties years .
the image of the ruins the fire of solingen has grabado in the flash german and turkish .
no another skeletons was more clearly to the turks live here that there a threat concrete and , to the germans , the mistrust and the distance can desembocar in the violence .
the attacks agudizan the sense of group of the part turkish .
not repeat the errors the last
in the press turkish reputed then mainly the swathes of the policy german after the attacks , helmut kohl denies to visiting to the survivors of mölln .
after the attack with way of fire of solingen sent a telegrama of condolences president turkish and klaus kinkel , their minister of affairs foreign , sustituyó in the funeral of cologne . kinkel detalló in their speech what contribute with the taxes the turks of germany .
is how estimated the value of a person according the amount of their taxes .
the information current of the media turks again to show what thorough is , since then , the mistrust of many germans of origin turkish in the legality of this country .
also the effort of a explanation wider and of a revaloración the terrorism of extreme right in germany , this time do lack words francas .
the bank the scandal the lake of zurich
the bank more arriesgado of europe not is in italy or france , if not in switzerland .
the ubs almost been in bancarrota in the crisis financial and since then deslizó of a crisis to the next .
now it is a german .
safe that axel weber not had considered .
<<<<<<< HEAD
after of their witnessed starting of the summit the bank federal , in july through which in 2013 comenzaría in a new and almost also of witnessed work : president the council administrative the great bank swiss ubs , a inesperado and lucrative step in their career .
axel weber am should , commends switzerland their beauty and to the ubs their acquired strength and is fall comments amables on their future colleagues .
=======
after of their spectacular starting of the summit the bank federal , in july through in 2013 comenzaría in a new and almost also of spectacular work : president the council administrative the great bank swiss ubs , a inesperado and lucrative step in their career .
axel weber am publicly , commends switzerland their beauty and to the ubs their acquired strength and is fall comments amables on their future colleagues .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; the flash has achieved a revival &quot; .
&quot; i am cooperate with kaspar villiger and oswald grübel &quot; .
in september became clear that all would completely different .
a operators financial of the flash in london prevented all the systems of security the bank and defraudó 1,7 billion million of eur .
oswald grübel , director general of the flash , a banker not only known in switzerland , had that come .
the president the council administrative of the flash was since then also tocado , and all asked : ¿ when is axel weber ?
through weber must advise the bank since february of 2012 .
and will office of the presidency the council administrative in may , not to principles of 2013 , as the bank comunicó the tuesday .
this is choice to axel weber .
not is banker , more well , professor of economy and consejero and has had a period of adjustment surely necessary .
<<<<<<< HEAD
of coup ago responsible of the strategy of a bank , which has of to to prove which deserves the title &quot; the greater bank the scandal of europe &quot; since ago time .
a part , the flash is huge , to ago little was the greater administrator of goods world , and another part , since ago years , desliza of a scandal the next .
nothing , seems , you ahorra the changed so proud bank swiss .
=======
of coup ago responsible of the strategy of a bank , has of return to prove deserves the title &quot; the greater bank the scandal of europe &quot; since ago time .
a part , the flash is huge , to ago little was the greater administrator of goods global , and another part , since ago years , desliza of a scandal next .
nothing , seems , you ahorra the it so proud bank swiss .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
started the crisis financial .
the flash had a reputation excellent to 2007 .
the image the administrator of goods swiss discreto and hardest , but also mañoso , combinó with objectives ambitious , also wanted be a great number in the banks of investment .
a part , with 1,6 billion of dollars , the flash managed more money of customers wealthiest that any another bank the world .
and another part , avanzó as bank of investment in the league of the large banks the world .
this impresiona .
<<<<<<< HEAD
hans geiger , the former banker and of professor of banca in zurich during many years explains : &quot; to my students , always i described to the flash as model of a good bank . &quot;
&quot; since the point of view current , one question : ¿ how could equivocarme ? &quot;
=======
hans geiger , the former banker and of professor of banca in zurich for many years is : &quot; to my students , always i described to the flash as model of a good bank . &quot;
&quot; since the point of view current , one asked : ¿ how could equivocarme ? &quot;
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
was in a great mistake .
in the year 2007 went to the light that something went very in the flash .
to in of year , peter wuffli , director general , to then was considered as a banker genial and very intelligent , resigned surprisingly .
some months after , sospechó the reason .
the fund of investment the bank embarcó in losses with titles of high risk and had that amortizar thousands of million .
to should with this , the flash announced a inyección of capital of nothing least of 13 billion million of frf .
to this found investors , course that some miraran with contempt to little before : a fund state asian and opaco of singapore and a fund state arab , so discreto , never had heard their name .
this era only the first coup .
in april of 2008 , empeoró .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the bank had that on the loss of thousands of million , marcel ospel , president the council administrative , in 2006 in the second better paid council administrative of switzerland , resigned .
in october of 2008 , she the disaster , in view of their investment wrong , the ubs found in the crisis financial to the collapse and had that be rescatada the state .
the bank national compró values problem to the ubs many thousands of million , the confederation helvética was six thousands of million of frf a bono sensible converted , by the which convertía in copropietaria the bank .
all switzerland was affected , said what dramatic which was this for a country small , if aloja to banks so large .
finally the suma the balance of the ubs in 2007 was more of five sometimes greater that the results economic of switzerland ( see gráfica ) .
&quot; not we to to rescue to the ubs &quot; , said geiger , expert in banca .
to the first disaster joined the second .
few months after , the ubs capituló in a conflict tax with america and was ready to drawn the data of the customers wealthiest , which possibly had defraudado tax with aid the bank .
also , evaluated a figure of 780 thousands of million of dollars , point of profits injustificados of these business with a compensation payment .
with this , the ubs confesó more or least have helped in the fraud tax .
simultaneously lost something which had been since always their capital in the competition customers rich : the aureola of discretion .
=======
the bank had that wage the loss of thousands of million , marcel ospel , president the council administrative , in 2006 in the second better paid council administrative of switzerland , resigned .
in october of 2008 , are the disaster , in view of their investment wrong , the ubs found in the crisis financial to the collapse and had that be rescatada the state .
the bank national compró values problem to the ubs many thousands of million , the confederation helvética was six thousands of million of frf a bono tests converted , by the convertía in copropietaria the bank .
the switzerland was affected , said what dramatic was this to a country small , if aloja to banks so large .
finally the suma the balance of the ubs in 2007 was more of five times greater that the results economic of switzerland ( see gráfica ) .
&quot; not we return to rescue to the ubs &quot; , said geiger , expert in banca .
to the first disaster joined the second .
few months after , the ubs capituló in a conflict fiscal with america and was ready to drawn the data of the customers wealthiest , possibly had defraudado taxes with aid the bank .
also , evaluated a figure of 780 thousands of million of dollars , point of profits injustificados of these business with a compensation payment .
with , the ubs confesó more or least have helped in the fraud fiscal .
simultaneously lost something had been since always their capital in the competition customers rich : the aureola of discretion .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
after the scandal , the secret the bank swiss already not is the same .
to this continued the lövin the president of the junta directive and the president the council administrative .
and the exodus of the funds of the customers .
of this way , in few months the bank lost their credibility in their two sectors central : in the banca of investment by the speculation wrong and in the administration of goods by the aid fraud fiscal .
and just when heard to be something more relaxed , just when i that the ubs heard to that , is this desdichada history the operators , a operators individual defraudó 1,7 billion million of eur , before of that the bank diera account of that something was .
and desveló , what further , this still not works well with the management of risk in the banca of investment .
&quot; with the case adoboli holding that the controls of risk have changed too little &quot; , says martin janssen , professor of economy and finance in the institute bancario of the university of zurich .
the director financial of a great bank german also is safe : &quot; the problem of the ubs is that not dominates the controls of risk &quot; .
<<<<<<< HEAD
what which about the idea of the caution , with the which the bankers own made since ago time , be the watch of the elderly goods the world : no risk too large , in change , the security the money want quebrar the another hand of the republic alpine .
=======
what did the idea of the caution , with the the bankers own made since ago time , be the watch of the elderly goods the world : no risk too large , in change , the security the money want quebrar the another hand of the republic alpine .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the deposits of security of the banks own were the symbol of the reliability inquebrantable , as lindt and sprüngli the chocolate genuine .
the central of the ubs in zurich not dovetails with the buzz the hardest bank private swiss , only is a little greater .
the situation is classical .
the bank has their headquarters main in the street bahnhofstraße of zurich , is since the station main directly lake of zurich , enmarcado the summits covered of snow of the mountains suizas .
here the buildings are ostentosos , the housing are one of the more higher of europe .
here are joyerías as tiffany`s between business traditional own as the confitería sprüngli .
<<<<<<< HEAD
here reside since ago years the banks own : since the bank national , happening the palacio of credit suisse , to the elitarios banks private as julius bär .
enter in the room of reception of the ubs by a heavy door chair .
within the walls are revestidas of mármol , ahead are large sillones of such , with the logo the bank there a great letrero for indicate the &quot; security &quot; .
the ubs know what which the client seeking here : security .
the two large banks own , the ubs and credit suisse , in some time have desplazado the idea the great bank swiss , or have betrayed , as view the president of a small bank private swiss .
prefer not read their name in the newspaper , the end and the out ago , as all the bankers own , also with the business of two banks .
the ubs has done too large , view , mainly in the banca of investment , where the continental have won ground .
the own not had nothing more which say .
&quot; and have have during a time to the our of the continental . &quot;
of done , the ubs changed the banca of investment with , concerned their first great benefits and then then the disaster , no entity financial european had lost therefore money in the jungla the high risk as the great bank swiss .
=======
here lie since ago years the banks own : since the bank national , happening the palacio of credit suisse , to the elitarios banks private as julius bär .
will in the room of reception of the ubs by a heavy door chair .
within the walls are revestidas of mármol , ahead are large sillones of such , with the logo the bank there a great letrero to indicate the &quot; security &quot; .
the ubs know what the client seeking here : security .
the two large banks own , the ubs and credit suisse , in some time have desplazado the idea the great bank swiss , or it have betrayed , as is the president of a small bank private swiss .
prefer not read their name in the newspaper , the end and out ago , as all the bankers own , also with the business of both banks .
the ubs has done too large , is , mainly in the banca of investment , where the continental have won ground .
the own not had nothing more say .
&quot; and have have for a time to the grip of the continental . &quot;
of done , the ubs changed the banca of investment with , concerned their first great benefits and then was the disaster , no entity financial european had lost therefore money in the jungla the high risk as the great bank swiss .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the 15 of october of 2008 , the disaster was clear .
&quot; that wednesday the coalition government the small country of siete million decided the greater operation of rescue in the history of their nation &quot; , says the author lukas hässig in their book &quot; de ubs-crash &quot; ( &quot; the crash of the ubs &quot; in spanish ) .
the politicians granted to 68 thousands of million of frf or approximately 45 thousands of million of eur to save the great bank of the bancarrota .
¿ how them happens ?
about with the bankers own , are the problem in the dimension of the ubs .
in june of 1998 , two of the three large banks own fusionan in a poderoso consortium .
<<<<<<< HEAD
arises a bank which , because to the merger , was too large for the small switzerland , and still growing .
what which was for that the two different banks precursors of the ubs complementaran : a bank wealthy but asserts with the centre of the administration of goods in zurich and a internacionalización more poor but more strong .
of suddenly , the banks of investment internacionalizados came of way have with a money , with the which were do rodar a great bicycle financial .
=======
arises a bank , because to the merger , was too large to the small switzerland , and is growing .
what was to that the two different banks precursors of the ubs complementaran : a bank wealthy but old with the centre of the administration of goods in zurich and a internacionalización more poor but more strong .
of suddenly , the banks of investment internacionalizados came of way ready with a money , with the were do rodar a great bicycle financial .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
there two names about with this increase of the ubs : peter wuffli , head the consortium of the ubs of 2001 to 2007 , and marcel ospel , then president the council administrative .
&quot; always thought that wuffli and ospel were a team perfect &quot; , says the expert in banca hans geiger .
&quot; wuffli , the intellectual , modest , understand much of models and statistics , and ospel , the intuitivo managed open step since the learning in the bank to the summit . &quot;
finally , ospel fió of wuffli .
and the end wuffli was probably a mistake decisive : &quot; was that their models were a reality &quot; , says geiger .
&quot; is a case tragic . &quot;
tragic , perhaps .
is clear : the desatino was before the case .
the employees of the ubs remember clearly of the meetings of superiors , in the wuffli , the head the consortium , always repetía the same motto : come the iv to goldman sachs .
the bank american was the bank of investment more poderoso the world .
encabezaban the &quot; league tables &quot; , the clasificaciones then documentaban the success of the banks .
the ubs wanted be in the summit .
some steps you got well .
<<<<<<< HEAD
in the operations of divisas and in the negotiating of actions was in what more high .
however , the advisers of companies makers put of highlighted a point weak : in the business the interest international , in the language of banca &quot; fixed income &quot; , there a compensation huge for the large banks .
=======
in the operations of divisas and in the negotiations of actions was in what more high .
however , the advisers of companies eager put of highlighted a point weak : in the business the interest international , in the language of banca &quot; fixed income &quot; , there a compensation huge to the large banks .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the ubs has vacíos in the products hipotecarios american .
to fill these vacíos , the ubs started a adventure almost you costs their existence .
or of growth , invirtieron therefore the same bank as one of their funds of high risk created in investment american of high risk .
transformed in a machine powerful to titularizar appropriations hipotecarios american and venderlos to continuation , manteniendo certain risks to account own .
and also , as other banks at the bajada for a time .
&quot; in summer of 2007 , as the market real american was in llamas , the ubs compró there &quot; , said geiger , expert in banca .
so large the euphoria , so thorough the fall .
a workforce had that irse , already the attempt of one was more complicated of what were .
the jobs in the ubs became in seats proyectables and are inseguros to the today .
currently , who is a great bank , has a work almost impossible .
must find a strategy to a bank , to the all the models of business lógicos are stumbling .
geiger , expert in banks , has a idea , put end to the banca of investment , focus in the administration of goods , return to the roots suizas .
the bank not want come so far ( still ) .
but the banca of investment must decrease much , is clear currently .
the next thursday , sergio ermotti , the new president the bank , will their future strategy world .
in reality , only was in the italiano-suizo of 51 years as a solution transitional , already the bank the bank separó surprisingly of their predecessor grübel .
meanwhile , he imposed : must be of way permanent the business of the ubs , comunicó the bank of zurich the tuesday .
ermotti want restore the bank of investment to their state to in of the nineties .
suprime 3.500 jobs .
but this not is .
the ubs needs a vision .
¿ who is ?
¿ with what want win money ?
these are the questions secure ago axel weber currently .
to the time only says that first buscará a housing with their woman in zurich .
the next year .
the fear to the recession in europe overvalued on the exchange us
the recession imminent in europe has given fear to the investors american in the start of the week .
the changes of government in athens and rome are force .
the production industrial frenada in the continent sofoca the hopes of estabilizar in their origin a crisis by the indebtedness .
could not gain the alivio general on the changes of government in rome and athens .
the euro fell with the dollar .
the week last , the glass italian and greek has seen half lleno , not half gap , but now the problems are to happen to a first level , said mark luschini of janney montgomery ayr .
to all , the active financial are in the list of sales .
the rate dow jones of the values standard closed with a low the 0,6 cent to 12.078 points .
in the session , the barómetro the market oscila between 12.027 and 12.170 points .
the rate at &amp; 500 closed with 1.251 points , a lower of a cent .
the rate nasdaq of the exchange technological lost the 0,8 cent and went the market with 2.657 points .
in frankfurt , the rate dax brings with a low the 1,2 cent to 5.985 points .
the industry of the 17 countries euro has reduced clearly their production and put in the end of their on .
the companies there in september the two cent least that the month previous , as reports the office of impracticable of eurostat .
<<<<<<< HEAD
what which was scepticism between the investors american : &quot; not are a island , if not dependent &quot; , said steve goldman of goldman management .
europe not can release so quickly of a recession , also there more signs of weakness in the banks .
warren buffett , the that of the investment , only this this caution , still not is clear if europe is what enough strong for do all what necessary for to end to the crisis , said in a interview for the cnbc .
that , since their point of view is too soon for invest in halt state or banks european .
in place of that , arroja the borda a the of old principles and enter in the sector technological estadounidense .
their investment of more of ten billion million of dollars in ibm supports the prices of the actions the traditional consortium and ago cotizar against the trend in the market the principle hardly a percentage more high .
=======
what was scepticism between the investors american : &quot; not are a island , if not dependent &quot; , said steve goldman of goldman management .
europe not can release so quickly of a recession , also there more signs of weakness in the banks .
warren buffett , the legends of the investment , only confirmed this caution , still not is clear if europe is what enough strong to do all what necessary to put end to the crisis , said in a interview to the cnbc .
that , since their point of view is too soon to invest in halt state or banks european .
in place of that , arroja the borda a the of old principles and will in the sector technological estadounidense .
their investment of more of ten billion million of dollars in ibm supports the prices of the actions the traditional consortium and it ago cotizar against the trend in the market principle hardly a percentage more high .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the value closed almost amendments to 187,35 dollars .
after some indications , buffett paid 170 dollars of average every unit and remained the 5,5 cent .
the prices of the actions of their company of investment berkshire hathaway lost the 1,3 cent .
the titles of participation the bank of tobacco fortalecieron clearly with the 2,6 cent the market .
the home sold almost all the rest of their cautiously china construction bank and embolsa 6,6 thousands of million of dollars .
the institute want strengthen mainly their share of capital with the benefits neta the business and with comply with the requirements regulatory .
the constructora of planes boeing increased their earnings and with write the losses in dow .
the action alzó a 1,5 cent , after of that the consortium cobrara the greater charge of their history .
airline emirates acted the friday 50 planes of long distance the kind 777 and the value the they cifró in 18 thousands of million of dollars .
including the options of 20 machines more , the volume amounts to 26 thousands of million of dollars .
<<<<<<< HEAD
in the exchange of new york approximately 710 billion million of actions changed of you .
719 values by , 2281 fell and 79 refused changes .
the nasdaq cerro with volumes of sale of 1,38 billion million , 630 actions to the alza , 1.913 to the involved and 82 amendments .
grajos smart extienden in the cities
in many websites the grajos feel &quot; birds problem &quot; : not guards to these inteligentísimos animals of the cities during a time , claim the experts .
to one them them , others want librarse very rapid of them , the grajos facilitate since ago years to the image of the city , but in many municipalities destroys the complaints of the neighbours the porquería and the noise of the animals .
although not has appeared no the against the &quot; birds problem &quot; to now .
=======
in the exchange of new york approximately 710 billion million of actions changed of cold .
719 values increased , 2281 fell and 79 refused changes .
the nasdaq cerro with volumes of sale of 1,38 billion million , 630 actions to the alza , 1.913 to the lower and 82 amendments .
grajos smart extienden in the cities
in many websites the grajos feel &quot; birds problem &quot; : not dismissed to these inteligentísimos animals of the cities for a time , claim the experts .
to one them like , others want librarse very rapid of them , the grajos facilitate since ago years to the image of the city , but in many municipalities destroys the complaints of the neighbours the porquería and the noise of the animals .
although not has appeared no against the &quot; birds problem &quot; to now .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the grajos already not are of the cities , claim the experts in the first symposium on grajos in leer , frisia eastern .
there the specialists of all the territory national is on possible solutions .
are alternatives in the cities
the ecologistas some the problems of the cities to the migration the field of certain grajos protected ; the applications chemical in the agriculture just visiblemente with the areas reciprocal traditional .
the hunting , the growing edificación and the fall of trees the hospedan dificultan the life of the birds .
the grajos are protected .
there colonies with more of 600 partners reproductoras in soest , westfalia , between others , in the powerhouses , between others in jever , diepholz and achim in bremen , as in leer .
there in 2005 saltó to the headlines negative of the press a controversial project to kill in mass to the grajos the district .
the critics have described the hunting of the animals by traps to birds and the murder with palos as especially brutal .
&quot; expulsándolos and ahuyentándolos of way normal not manages nothing &quot; manifested werner klöver , urbanista and paisajista of leer .
shoot with water to the nidos or throwing the trees usually be consequences not deseadas , says also manfred kaiser , expert in environment of lahr , baden-wurtemberg .
&quot; the animals desvían , the large colonies of into and distributed in other places . &quot;
<<<<<<< HEAD
ahuyentarlos only is imaginable as exception in hospitals , coast of elderly or schools .
&quot; we live with them , already not atrapamos . &quot;
the but , not soluciona the problem in the cities , view wolfgang kellner , mayor of leer .
is possible one combination of ahuyentar to the animals of areas residenciales sensitive and cebos for that again to asentarse in other places .
=======
ahuyentarlos only is imaginable as exception in hospitals , coast of people or schools .
&quot; must live with them , already not atrapamos . &quot;
the investigators , not soluciona the problem in the cities , is wolfgang kellner , mayor of leer .
is possible one combination of ahuyentar to the animals of areas residenciales sensitive and cebos to that again to asentarse in other places .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; paneles information in place of sierras of chain &quot; uta maria jürgens , psicóloga and etnóloga ago advertising in against with the end of that involved to the animals of a way completely different : &quot; what best is that we aguantar a was in the face with aplomo . &quot;
jürgens cofundó in schleswig-holstein the circuito of education on the grajos of ascheberger , where letreros report on the life of the smart birds .
while therefore , the project is accepted the tourists .
jürgens also has their own opinion on the criticisms the noise of the birds : &quot; all are forms of communication , have much that say . &quot;
<<<<<<< HEAD
the intelligence and nicklaus of these animals are legendarias , the grajos not only which the resources for access to bocados esquistos , if not that fabrican tools for usarlas as resources .
recently , etólogos of the university of cambridge comprobaron in four grajos to where a the intelligence of the birds .
in a experiment , the birds aprendieron with quickly which be to fall a stone on a platform for achieve a larva of polilla .
a adiestramiento , recognised with determination the size and the way which should have the stone for fall on the platform .
=======
the intelligence and nicklaus of these animals are legendarias , the grajos not only are the resources to access to bocados esquistos , if not that fabrican tools to usarlas as resources .
recently , etólogos of the university of cambridge comprobaron in four grajos to where is the intelligence of the birds .
in a experiment , the birds aprendieron with quickly be stop fall a stone on a platform to achieve a larva of polilla .
a adiestramiento , recognised with determination the size and the way should have the stone to fall on the platform .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
in a second trial , the astutos grajos be resolve a complicated problem .
the researchers colocaron a small dustbin with a larva of polilla in a cilindro side .
the birds not were come to their prey with the was .
but the researchers them was a paper of alambre .
with the the four animals formaron a hook , with the pescaron the dustbin in the tirador the tubo .
three of the cuatros grajos what overpower in the first attempt .
portugal in the championship 2012 thanks to cristiano ronaldo
the bosnios and the turks not have hopes in the championship .
the records , portugal , croatia , the republic czech and ireland also will in the championship 2012 .
portugal , the republic czech , croatia and ireland have sellado in the play-offs the last notes to the championship 2012 in poland and ukraine .
guiado the hero triunfante cristiano ronaldo ( 8 . , 53 . ) , portugal goleó to bosnia-herzegovina 6-2 ( 2-1 ) and , after the 0-0 the party of adi , was the five cautiously of the championship seguidas .
the czech overpower 1-0 ( 0-0 ) in the party of back of the play-offs with the outsider montenegro , after of that in the party of adi ( 2-0 ) should the things clear .
croatia not he that you marcaran in the 0-0 against turkey , ireland managed a weak 1-1 ( 1-0 ) against estonia .
nani ( 24 . ) , helder postiga ( 72 . , 82 . ) and miguel veloso ( 80 . ) marcaron the other goals of portugal .
the former discrepancy of the bundesliga , zvjezdan misimovic with a penalti ( 41 . ) and the captain emir spahic ( 65 . ) acortaron distances two times to bosnia .
sena lulic was a card roja ( 54 . ) .
bosnia owned to cause of portugal in the play-offs the world of south of 2010 .
<<<<<<< HEAD
in the charleroi light of lisbon , portugal started of way perfect .
ronaldo ejecutó a free direct since more of 30 metres for country to the head in the points .
a fourthly of time after , nani was their on for turned since far and managed the 2-0 since 25 metres .
the bosnios , which not lucieron in the first average time , had their first clear opportunity thanks the goleador edin dzeko .
the former player the team of wolfsburg , leader the english manchester holder sent a cabezazo the palo , but the balón not atravesó the line of portería ( 33 . ) .
jiracek acertó for the republic czech
=======
in the crowd is light of lisbon , portugal started of way perfect .
ronaldo ejecutó a free direct since more of 30 metres to country to the head in the points .
a fourth of time after , nani was their on to usher since far and managed the 2-0 since 25 metres .
the bosnios , not lucieron in the first average time , had their first clear opportunity thanks goleador edin dzeko .
the former player the team of wolfsburg , leader the english manchester holder sent a cabezazo palo , but the balón not atravesó the line of portería ( 33 . ) .
jiracek acertó to the republic czech
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
to continuation , the colegiado wolfgang stark , of ergolding , was in the eye the hurricane .
after the attack to helder postiga in the area of penati bosnia , decided show the not the card distortion tirarse suelo ( 36 . ) .
in the hand opuesto , stark pitó a controversial penalti after a action of fabio coentrao , transformed misimovic .
after the rest , the vicecampeón european of 2004 aclaró all with 4 goals .
the czech ended with the last has in the minute 81. with gol of petr jiracek .
the campeón of europe of 1976 qualifies fifth time consecutiva to the championship .
the team the you michal bilek with the legionario of the bundesliga michael kadlec ( bayer leverkusen ) and tomas pekhart ( 1 . groningen nürnberg ) also had fortunately and had that overcome a second of reaction in the stage initial .
in the last time , the portero petr cech prevented with a a a possible gol in own door of tomas sivok ( 9 . ) .
montenegro had more possibilities with the duet stevan jovetic and are damjanovic in action .
damjanovic espoused in the minute 40. of the back the small , very fair in the portería of cech .
after the rest the czech debieron protect the larguero the portero of reputation global , the delantero the groningen seoul came to escaparse ( 50 . ) .
finally , the gol before the end sentenced the party .
while therefore , turkey desaprovechó the maravilla the football of zagreb .
four days after the 0-3 in istanbul , the turks not sacrificed of a 0-0 in zagreb .
while was almost safe that the you national guus hiddink should leave their asiento the banquillo of third the world of 2002 , the croatia were their quarter participation in the end of the championship .
<<<<<<< HEAD
to 31.000 made in the charleroi maksimir , the turks almost conseguían a principle of dream .
in the minute seven and with a chute to long distance , selcuk inan only managed play the poste . the intruder kazim kazim not could send the balón within of the portería .
after the second of reaction , croatia asumió every time more the control .
after of the thought , croatia not he that you metieran no gol .
bigger to mario mandzukic of vfl wolfsburg , which in the minute 62. was website to ivan vladmir , of dortmund , danijel pranjic ( bayern of munich ) and gordon schildenfeld ( eintracht frankfurt ) are the legionarios of the bundesliga in the practice .
trapattoni will to the championship
=======
to 31.000 made in the crowd maksimir , the turks almost conseguían a principle of dream .
in the minute seven and with a chute to long distance , selcuk inan only managed play the poste . the intruder kazim kazim not could send the balón within of the portería .
after the second of reaction , croatia asumió every time more the control .
after of the break , croatia not he that you metieran no gol .
bigger to mario mandzukic of vfl wolfsburg , in the minute 62. was website to ivan vladmir , of dortmund , danijel pranjic ( bayern of munich ) and gordon schildenfeld ( eintracht frankfurt ) are the legionarios of the bundesliga in the practice .
trapattoni is to the championship
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
in dublin , the irish up the first participation in the championship since 1988 in germany .
stephen ward was team the you giovanni trapattoni , that with the 4-0 in the party of adi prepared to a decision prior , brought to the head in the minute 32 .
konstantin vassiljev ( 57 . ) empató with the team invitado .
ireland presionó since the start , but was wait to the minute 23 . , when robbie keane of the angeles galaxy had their first great opportunity .
since the first time , the defence estona prevented possible goals of advantage .
but in the minute 32. brought .
after a defence the portero pavel londak , am ward and chutó the balón to through of the line , face the 1-0 .
a woman severely apology caerse of a tram
a woman of 52 years is severely apology caerse the monday of a tram in lichtenberg , berlin .
had that be operada in a hospital , as comunicó the police the tuesday .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the tram had that stop of way makeshift in herzbergallee , already which a vehicles clamped of coup with to he .
=======
the tram had that stop of way makeshift in herzbergallee , already a vehicles including of coup with to he .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the car revolved and in this went , for at instructions .
the others ocupantes the tram not were were .
a man strong atraca a farmacia in friedenau
the tuesday the afternoon a man strong atracó a farmacia in bundesallee , in friedenau , berlin .
was to a empleada of 25 years with a weapon of ceasefire and you was that you entregara the money in metálico , as informed the police .
<<<<<<< HEAD
after entregarle the box with the around , the do fled be identified with their botín of a amount unknown .
the asaltados not experienced more that the therefore susto .
a driver obstinate severely him
a driver obstinate of 21 years has found severely an to first hours of the morning the tuesday in märkischen alle in marzahn , berlin .
wanted avoid of suddenly a crash which circulaba the street of a gasolinera with a trailer uk .
what which was a patinazo with their vehicles , came to the strip central and the carril otherwise and from against several trees .
=======
after entregarle the box with the around , the aymara fled be identified with their botín of a amount unknown .
the asaltados not experienced more that the therefore susto .
a driver public severely makeshift
a driver public of 21 years has found severely killed to first hours of the morning the tuesday in märkischen alle in marzahn , berlin .
wanted avoid of suddenly a crash circulaba the street of a gasolinera with a trailer uk .
what was a patinazo with their vehicles , was to the strip central and carril otherwise and from against several trees .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the boy of 21 years had that be admitted in the hospital .
the camionero of 40 years not was makeshift .
a cyclist atropellada and severely apology
a cyclist of 61 years was atropellada a car and was severely apology the monday in mitte , berlin .
wanted cross with their bicycle the way in the cruce of pedestrians between the streets karl-liebknecht-straße and alexanderstraße , as comunicó the police the tuesday .
<<<<<<< HEAD
was arrastrada a driver of 72 years which revolved with their vehicles .
=======
was arrastrada a driver of 72 years revolved with their vehicles .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the woman fell and , severely apology , received treatment in a hospital .
in the english , a aymara of cars becomes in driver kamikaze
a man was in way of night with a car robado in charlottenburg .
the girar , from against a car aparcado , in total struck to two cars more and three bicycles .
the police emprendió the persecution .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the author the crime fled to all speed the motorway .
¡ in sense otherwise !
rozó a tablón of concrete and lost parties of their vehicles .
the car clamped and the man she to ordinary their english .
=======
the author the crime fled to the speed the motorway .
¡ in sense otherwise !
rozó a tablón of concrete and lost parties of their vehicles .
the car including and the man are to ordinary their english .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
a peatona disparada with a escopeta of air comprimido since a balcón
a peatona was disparada with a escopeta of air comprimido since a balcón in schwedt .
the sunday , the woman of 32 years caminaba closely of their housing when was disparada the backs , as informed the police .
had that be ingresada in the hospital with a apology open .
<<<<<<< HEAD
to continuation , the police localizó four acts , of the which a young of 19 years is unseen the acusado main .
=======
to continuation , the police localizó four acts , of the a young of 19 years is unseen the acusado main .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
according a spokesman of the police , not there relationship between the woman and the accused .
a young of 25 years severely makeshift in a accident of traffic
a driver was severely makeshift in a collision with a crash had in sense opuesto in the district of potsdam-mittelmark .
the young of 25 years went of the road with their furgoneta causes unknown to the time and patinó to a fence protective the monday the morning in a road federal with to wiesenburg , as comunicó the police .
the force the clash , the car patinó to to carril otherwise and there colisionó with the crash .
the call had that from the young of 25 years of their vehicles .
a hawk of ancient was to a hospital .
incendio in a cinema in alexanderplatz
the night the monday had place a fire in the cinema cubix in alexanderplatz .
little after of average night , approximately 70 made of the session of night had that leave the cinema of the street rathausstraße , as comunicó the police .
not there no makeshift .
after subsequent research , is that the fire in a area available to the components electric was because to a fault technical .
the same time was the light and did a strong smoke .
a woman severely apology in a attempt of theft of bolso
a woman was severely apology in a attempt of theft of bolso in niedergörsdorf , in the district of teltow-fläming .
the author the crime encapuchado sorprendió to the woman the friday in a parking to a trade and you agarró their bolso , as informed the police .
as the victim opposed resistance , the struck in the hands and in the head with a palo .
finally fled the botín .
the woman was ingresada severely apology in a hospital .
<<<<<<< HEAD
visitors to a graveyard stolen the they tumbas
in the weeks big , people elderly have again to be robadas in a graveyard of fürstenwalde .
a total of twelve robbery have happened since middle of october , between other robbery of bolsos , money , móviles , cards of credit and manojos of keys , as comunicó the police .
the victims are mainly women of age older which cuidaban the tumbas of their relatives .
aparcaban their bicycles or andadores with the items of value in the by .
the last friday had place the last theft of a amount of money which was to more of hundred euros .
six pintores of graffitis detention
the police clamped to six pintores of graffitis .
the six young were detenidos the sunday in marzahn , as comunicó the police .
the adults of between 15 and 25 years pintaron a horses of train in hohenschönhausener-grenzgraben .
subieron to horses with a escalera and tore a glass .
a witnessed avisó to the police .
in as the officials civil appeared , the authors the crime huyeron .
but were detention little after in a stopover in landsberger allee .
a man in wheelchair of wheelchair arrastrado a car and severely him
a man in wheelchair of wheelchair was severely him the cross a street in schwedt .
the saturday the man wanted cross a street a step of pedestrians and not was seen one conductora , as informed the police .
the vehicles arrastró the man , which fell in the street and hirió in the head .
=======
visitors to a graveyard stolen are tumbas
in the weeks big , people elderly have again to be robadas in a graveyard of fürstenwalde .
a total of twelve robbery have happened since in of october , between other robbery of bolsos , money , móviles , cards of credit and manojos of writer , as comunicó the police .
the victims are mainly women of age older cuidaban the tumbas of their relatives .
aparcaban their bicycles or andadores with the items of value in the empire .
the last friday had place the last theft of a amount of money was to more of hundred euros .
six pintores of graffitis in
the police including to six pintores of graffitis .
the six people were detenidos the sunday in marzahn , as comunicó the police .
the adults of between 15 and 25 years pintaron a horses of train in hohenschönhausener-grenzgraben .
subieron to horses with a escalera and tore a glass .
a baton avisó to the police .
in as the officials civil appeared , the authors the crime huyeron .
but were in little after in a stopover in landsberger allee .
a man in wheelchair of wheelchair arrastrado a car and severely makeshift
a man in wheelchair of wheelchair was severely makeshift the cross a street in schwedt .
the saturday the man wanted cross a street a step of pedestrians and not was seen one conductora , as informed the police .
the vehicles arrastró the man , fell in the street and hirió in the head .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
had that receive treatment in a hospital .
a child of seven years atropellado and killed in wedding
a child of seven years was atropellado a car and was severely makeshift the monday the afternoon in the street tegeler straße in wedding , berlin .
was to a hospital with cut in the face and in the pierna , as informed the police the monday .
the child was atropellado of suddenly in the street a car reading a woman of 53 years .
<<<<<<< HEAD
this not i direct their vehicles before and what atropelló .
the child not was linked of adults .
a cyclist severely him in kreuzberg
a cyclist of 46 years was atropellado a car and was severely him to last time the sunday the afternoon in the street gneisenaustraße , kreuzberg , berlin .
came to a hospital with a in the head and with wrong humour , as informed the police the monday .
=======
this not can direct their vehicles before and what atropelló .
the child not was linked of adults .
a cyclist severely makeshift in kreuzberg
a cyclist of 46 years was atropellado a car and was severely makeshift to last time the sunday the afternoon in the street gneisenaustraße , kreuzberg , berlin .
was to a hospital with cut in the head and with humour , as informed the police the monday .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
still not is clear how happened the collision with the vehicles of a young of 22 years .
a car calcinado in köpenick
a car was calcinado to first hours of the morning the monday in the street dregerhoffstraße in köpenick , berlin .
a man of 32 years tried apagar the fire , said a spokesman of the police .
not managed and the call had that control the fire .
<<<<<<< HEAD
in as the vehicles , was of a model former .
is that was a fire apologise , for political .
huida the place of a accident in lichtenberg
after a serious accident the night the sunday in lichtenberg , the driver fled buffs of their his him .
the man patinó with their crash in the street möllendorfstraße , from against a poste of the motorway and is in a way , as comunicó the police .
one conductora of tram could stop to time and was flee the instructions .
the call , avisados , had that from to a young of 23 years severely him the their destrozado and begin to a hospital .
the dueña the vehicles pressed subsequently that their car had been stolen was little .
=======
in as vehicles , was of a model former .
is that was a fire noise , reasons political .
huida the place of a accident in lichtenberg
after a serious accident the night the sunday in lichtenberg , the driver fled buffs of their companion makeshift .
the man patinó with their crash in the street möllendorfstraße , from against a poste of the motorway and is in a way , as comunicó the police .
one conductora of tram could stop to time and was flee the instructions .
the call , avisados , had that from to a young of 23 years severely makeshift the vehicles destrozado and so to a hospital .
the dueña the vehicles expressed subsequently that their car had been stolen was little .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
incendio in a sótano in tempelhof
the night the sunday quemó a box a sótano in a home of tempelhof .
the inquilino of this home in marienfelder allee notó smoke in the ladders and avisó to the call , as informed the police .
to continuation including to a young interesado in the jobs of species .
but the olaf not confirmed , what was put in freedom .
injured in a does in a premises of food quick
two customers were were in a does in a premises of food quick of pankow the night the sunday .
four men of age between 18 and 21 years started to pelear with two sellers the restaurant on the 1 : 20 in the region promenade prenzlauer , as comunicó the police .
two people of 19 years quisieron help , to what were golpeados and pataleados of suddenly the quartet .
both experienced cut in the head .
the four aggressor were be detenidos in the restaurant .
<<<<<<< HEAD
a work hombre beaten in station of metre and their agresor being
a work hombre socorrió to a girl acosada in the station of metre of gesundbrunnen and was didn .
three matones agredieron the man of 41 years the saturday and you abused with puñetazos and echaron spray of pimienta in the face .
the trío fled after .
little after a young of 19 years was arrested under as , as informed the police .
=======
a work hombre beaten in station of metre and their agresor precise
a work hombre socorrió to a girl acosada in the station of metre of gesundbrunnen and was didn .
three matones agredieron man of 41 years the saturday and you abused with puñetazos and echaron spray of pimienta in the face .
the trío fled after .
little after a young of 19 years was arrested under suspicion , as informed the police .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
a others avisó to the police the móvil .
the officials found the spray of pimienta in a bin closely of the station of metre .
the work man received treatment ambulatorio in a hospital .
begins to arder a zanja in the area of botschaftsviertel
in a zanja in the area of botschaftsviertel in tiergarten declared a fire the saturday .
on the 12 : 00 hours , closely of schweißarbeiten in the street tiergartenstraße incendió material of construction , as comunicó the police .
did a great cloud of smoke , could see with clarity since far .
the call came with four units and were control the fire with quickly .
to the fire , who a system of heating urban and cables of aware .
also the estática of the zanja had that be unimpressive currently , said a spokesman of the call .
no person was apology in the fire .
for the jobs of species , the street tiergartenstraße was closed the traffic of cars and buses .
a man of 40 years severely makeshift in a robbery
a armenian asaltaron to a man of 40 years the friday the afternoon in mitte and informs severely .
the man caminaba on the 23 : 30 hours the street martin-opitz-straße when was discussed three criminals you asked the time , as the police comunicó the saturday .
to continuation the men followed to their victim , the abused of suddenly , the derribaron to patadas and huyeron with their portfolio and móvil .
the police found the man severely makeshift tumbado in the street and summoned the medical of urgent .
the man had that be admitted in a hospital .
a father atacó to one conductora of tram to their son
<<<<<<< HEAD
the friday the afternoon , a father obstinate insultó to one conductora of tram and the struck subsequently to the understanding of their son of four years .
the working of 49 years of bvg had that stop in the street seestraße in wedding , the be atacada of suddenly a man of 30 years , as the police informed the saturday .
the man you was a puñetazo in the face to the understanding their son .
the police clamped quickly the man obstinate , the child had that be recogido their grandfather .
=======
the friday the afternoon , a father public insultó to one conductora of tram and the struck subsequently to the understanding of their son of four years .
the working of 49 years of bvg had that stop in the street seestraße in wedding , the be atacada of suddenly a man of 30 years , as the police informed the saturday .
the man you was a puñetazo in the face to the understanding their son .
the police including quickly man public , the child had that be recogido their grandfather .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the conductora of tram was slightly apology .
a contenedor of waste incendiado in wedding
the night the saturday , a issue incendiaron a contenedor of waste in a yard own of wedding .
a neighbour notó the ceasefire on average night and was to two men their of dark flee the wall the graveyard adyacente of the street steegerstraße , as comunicó the police .
the call , avisados , were apagar quickly the fire .
a dog labrador man is a hornilla , incendiando a housing
a dog man was possesses the fire of a housing in brandenburgo / vaclav .
<<<<<<< HEAD
probably , the dog saltó on the fogón for achieve the food , as informed the police the friday .
movió the regulator and encendió a hornilla .
prendieron papers on the fogón .
the housing the fourthly floor of the home of neighbourhood started to arder the thursday the afternoon .
=======
probably , the dog saltó on the fogón to achieve the food , as informed the police the friday .
movió the regulatory and encendió a hornilla .
prendieron papers on the fogón .
the housing the fourth floor of the home of neighbourhood started to arder the thursday the afternoon .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the dog died inhalation of gases of decreases .
have proseguido the estate negligence hold of fire against the inquilina of 18 years , not was in the housing for the fire .
estreno global of &quot; crepúsculo &quot; in hollywood with many large stars
rain of flashes , fan histéricas , great stars of &quot; crepúsculo &quot; , in the estreno global of &quot; dawn &quot; thousands of curiosos did to the carpet teñida of black the theatre nokia in the angels .
the parade of the stars for several hours .
not desilusionó to the fan of the saga of vampiros : robert pattinson , the actor-vampiro , their rival-hombre lobo , taylor lautner and the bella &quot; bella &quot; , kristen stewart signed autógrafos and posaron with the fan .
in the quarter part , bella casará end with their great love .
sap want doblar their figure of employees in china
sap , the greater manufacturer of software of europe is thousands of million in the as years in china and want almost doblar their figure of employees in the country .
to 2015 circularán approximately two billion million of dollars ( approximately 1,5 billion million of eur ) , informed the consortium of dax the tuesday .
&quot; achieve more installations to the research and the development and contrataremos workers &quot; , avisó philips mcdermott , co-presidente , in a conference in beijing .
the staff must grow of 2.500 workers currently to 4.500 .
the figure of sucursales the leader the market international to software of companies doblará of five to ten or that .
to now , sap is present in beijing , shanghái , cantón , chengdú and dalián .
approximately 4.000 of the more of 176.000 customers international of sap have their headquarters in the country the boom .
the plans of growth in china are also a important element of the strategy to 2012 the consortium of dax .
sap want increase their volume of sales to 2015 to 20 billion million of eur .
the last year ingresó approximately 12,5 thousands of million of eur .
currently the business the suministrador of software employs to 50.000 workers in all the world , will so well as few times in the past .
sap has 20 years active in china .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; currently want broadened our activities ( ... ) &quot; , he mcdermott .
&quot; our aim is activar a growth lasting in china by a wider training . &quot;
massacre to level personal
the strong and generous new book of peter englund , the beauty and the pain of the battle ( the beauty and the sorrow ) : a history íntima about of the first war world , &quot; begins with a long dramatis personae the kind which can do that to one you caiga the soul to the feet .
i here some by of action : testing suavemente this website and conviértala in their mark pages .
will to know very well to these people in the narración novelística the mr englund , and this dramatis personae will as their gps , a faro during these few at in the which , as one of their men and women , is confusing and desamparado in the fog of the war .
the mr englund is a i and journalist swedish .
also is the new secretary permanent of the academy sueca , which granted the prize nobel of literature .
what which has written here is a book little corriente , which describes , rightly , as &quot; a work of anti-historia &quot; .
contains some names significant , treaties important or frugal battles ; virtually not there ambassadors , elegant journalists or further on tácticas or material .
not is therefore a book about of what happened , explains , as &quot; a book about of how happened &quot; . is about of &quot; feelings , from , experiences and states of humour &quot; .
&quot; the beauty and the pain of the battle &quot; being the experiences in times of war of more or least 20 men and women ordinarias , to two both of the war , since colegialas and botánicos to escaladores , doctors , drivers of stab and administrative .
=======
&quot; currently want broadened our activities ( ... ) &quot; , explain mcdermott .
&quot; our aim is activar a growth lasting in china by a wider training . &quot;
massacre to level personal
the strong and generous new book of peter englund , the beauty and the pain of the battle ( the beauty and the sorrow ) : a history íntima about of the first war world , &quot; begins with a long dramatis personae the kind can do that to one you caiga the soul to the feet .
i here some by of action : testing suavemente this website and conviértala in their mark pages .
will to know very well to these people in the narración novelística the mr englund , and this dramatis personae will as their gps , a faro for these few at in the , as one of their men and women , is and desamparado in the fog of the war .
the mr englund is a judt and journalist swedish .
also is the new secretary permanent of the academy sueca , granted the prize nobel of literature .
what has written here is a book little corriente , describes , rightly , as &quot; a work of anti-historia &quot; .
contains some names significant , treaties important or frugal battles ; virtually not there ambassadors , elegant journalists or discussions on tácticas or material .
not is therefore a book about of what happened , is , as &quot; a book about of how happened &quot; . is about of &quot; feelings , fingerprints , experiences and states of humour &quot; .
&quot; the beauty and the pain of the battle &quot; being the experiences in times of war of more or least 20 men and women ordinarias , to both both of the war , since colegialas and botánicos to escaladores , doctors , drivers of stab and administrative .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
some of these people convertirán in heroes .
some convertirán in prisoners of war , or will their member , might locos or morirán .
their lives parpadean here as velas votivas encendidas in a church ; a new add to the while others go .
the book the mr englund is a handicap of the books of history standard .
is also a correctivo to the notion of that the first war world only was the funesta war of trincheras in the operating western .
&quot; the beauty and the pain of the battle &quot; seeing of way skilled to through of other teatros of war : the alps , the balkans , the operating eastern , mesopotamia , africa the east .
to the soldiers in this book them give above the colmenas ; one is the christmas in egypt under the pirámides ; the sledgehammer tse-tse are a problem intratable .
this is a book conmovedor , almost since the start .
the war inunda the lives of these people as a disaster natural , a hurricane katrina apesta to cordita .
when the ceasefire of artillery hear in the distance , and replied a woman is in home with tus children , ¿ you quedas or huyes ?
of all forms ¿ who next ?
almost nobody understand what is happening , or even what has that fight this war .
&quot; we of facts &quot; , is the mr englund , &quot; has rellenado with conjeturas , suposiciones , hopes , scares , ideas fixed , theories of the conspiración , dreams , pesadillas and rumours &quot; .
&quot; the beauty and the pain of the battle &quot; is to individuals as florence farmborough , a juliet available in the army russian , and richard stumpf , a young marinero german of the fleet of high sea .
their stories have obtained in their greater part of flash , letters and another material already published previously .
the explanations of their lives can be aterradoras or conmovedoras , but are more available of life in the accumulation of small at , details stumbling , the mr englund .
many of these are about of privaciones and of ashgabat with what there .
acerca of have the history of a colegiala german says : &quot; sucedáneos , all parties sucedáneos &quot; .
&quot; sucedáneo of coffee , hypermarkets untrue , plastic of imitation , vendas of role , botones of wood . &quot;
continues talking of the food sucedánea in germany .
describes &quot; meat pale to from of rice cocido and prensado in blubber of carnero ( and rematado with a hueso untrue has of wood ) ; tobacco has of roots and peladuras of potatoes dry ; shoes with suelas of wood &quot; .
there , is , &quot; 837 substitutes permitidos of the meat in the production of salchichas , 511 substitutes the coffee registered &quot; .
some stories are about the honour and the value .
<<<<<<< HEAD
a american recognised their own momentum towards the assemblies and a about of the war : &quot; sientes which , after of all , this is for what which the men are designed and not for sit in sillones with a cigarro and a aquavit , the newspaper of the afternoon or a best seller , and removing that that paints means civilisation and that not there a barbarian behind of that pechera almidonada and tachonada . &quot;
in change a soldier british account of that probably morirá , and of that nobody enterará or you importará .
&quot; a time which one resigna the thought of sacrificarse , to one you like think that could happens ahead the public &quot; , says .
in change , is horriblemente be &quot; to a condemned being estrangulado in secret &quot; .
other comments are about of a old europe builds , and about of new types of terror .
&quot; the conflict has become every time more in a competition economic &quot; , says the mr englund , &quot; a war between factories &quot; .
reflects the arrival of what which he is &quot; a new kind in the bestiario the young century : the murderer in mass elocuente and convinced ideológicamente with ropas of good textiles which executes their fighters while is but behind of a escritorio &quot; .
the people means of ways imprevistas ; there therefore behaviour innoble as heroico .
the mr englund about of the soldiers which us actively catch a disease venérea of prostitutes as way of evade the service in the operating .
&quot; the expression more redeeming of this can see the trade of state gonocócico , which the soldiers buy and embadurnan with this their genitales with the hope of end in the hospital &quot; , says .
&quot; those which are truly desperate what frotan on their eyes , what which to often place to a ceguera of life . &quot;
in this translation the swedish at peter graves , the prosa the mr englund ágil but not extravagante , is perfectly adaptada to their task human .
in dozens of small scenes reflects the way in the which the war to &quot; gazan forces excepcionalmente incontrolables : nationalism far , revolution social , hatred religious &quot; .
=======
a american recognised their own momentum to the assemblies and a about of the war : &quot; sientes , after of all , this is to what the men are designed and not to sit in sillones with a cigarro and a aquavit , the newspaper of the afternoon or a best seller , and removing that that paints means civilisation and that not there a barbarian behind of pechera almidonada and tachonada . &quot;
in change a soldier british is account of that probably morirá , and of that nobody enterará or you importará .
&quot; a time one resigna the thought of sacrificarse , to one you like think that could happens ahead the public &quot; , says .
in change , is horriblemente reminiscent &quot; to a condemned being estrangulado in secret &quot; .
other comments are about of a old europe builds , and about of new types of terror .
&quot; the conflict has become every time more in a competition economic &quot; , says the mr englund , &quot; a war between factories &quot; .
is the arrival of what he is &quot; a new kind in the bestiario the young century : the murderer in mass elocuente and convinced ideológicamente with ropas of good textiles executes their fighters while is clear behind of a escritorio &quot; .
the people means of ways imprevistas ; there therefore behaviour innoble as heroico .
the mr englund about of the soldiers us actively catch a disease venérea of prostitutes as way of evade the service in the operating .
&quot; the expression more redeeming of this can see the trade of state gonocócico , the soldiers buy and embadurnan with their genitales with the hope of end in the hospital &quot; , says .
&quot; those are truly desperate what frotan on their eyes , what to often is place to a ceguera of life . &quot;
in this translation the swedish pale peter graves , the prosa the mr englund ágil but not extravagante , is perfectly adaptada to their task human .
in dozens of small scenes is the way in the the war to &quot; gazan forces excepcionalmente incontrolables : nationalism far , revolution social , hatred religious &quot; .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the people starts to ask what their leaders them are doing combat .
the best books about of the first war world to often have been indirectos , as the britain war and the memory modern of paul fussell , or novelas as odysseus in the operating of erich maría remarque , in time of stories integrales .
the volume the mr englund unite to a countryman little conventional .
their book has one of the end more devastating that can remember in a labour of not fiction .
not revelaré .
but is as if would come since their book , arrancado of between your attitudes website of dramatis personae , and it would planted with a cerilla .
after a step in untrue aware , a assault planeado the minute
hundreds of players of police were involucrados , some of them moment helmets rough .
was the night the monday tuesday because the park zuccotti would more hollow .
the operation remained in secret everywhere to a few official of high they , saying initially to the others were uniéndose to a exercise .
the inspector of police raymond w. times was in the centre , their presence subrayaba how the operation plagaba of challenges to the department of police .
not were repetirse the episodes of weeks recent , as the pulverización of espray pimienta on the demonstrators , infringiendo the rules the department and build a storm of sympathy public to the &quot; okupas &quot; .
and the operation police to despejar the park zuccotti of demonstrators reveló after of two weeks of planning and numbers .
the players had have watching as had developed the occupations in other cities .
a simulacro of disaster greater was taking place in randalls island , with a eye know to zuccotti .
the players incrementaron the called numbers of commotion - measures contraterroristas implicaban hope quickly to a great number of uniforms of police - to look in the lower manhattan .
the last session of numbers was in the night the monday , in the hand of manhattan the river dundalk .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the ordenes of into in the park came in the &quot; last minute &quot; , said someone familiarizado with the orders , which refirieron to the mission only as &quot; a exercise &quot; .
&quot; to the few polis which know that were called for this , not them said that was for into in the park zuccotti &quot; , said the person , that spoke of way anonymous .
&quot; the unique people which knew that would to into in the park zuccotti were in the more higher levels the department . &quot;
a reason for the foe was a lesson aprendida the city .
the 14 of october , a players quisieron despejar the park , but desistieron when hundreds of demonstrators emerged before of time after of have heard about of the plans .
the operation the tuesday led to players of several units police , including forces special of all the district municipal - tens of players mobile which members told inundar the areas with high rate of crime .
the mr his said that very people , as those which travel daily the work , had been place and viniendo the park during the day , doing of the 1 a.m. a good time for into .
=======
the ordenes of into in the park came in the &quot; last minute &quot; , said someone familiarizado with the orders , refirieron to the mission only as &quot; a exercise &quot; .
&quot; to the few polis know that were called to this , not them said that was to into in the park zuccotti &quot; , said the person , that spoke of way anonymous .
&quot; the unique people knew that would to into in the park zuccotti were in the more higher levels the department . &quot;
a reason to the foe was a lesson aprendida the city .
the 14 of october , a players quisieron despejar the park , but desistieron when hundreds of demonstrators arose before of time after of have heard about of the plans .
the operation the tuesday led to players of several units police , including forces special of all the district municipal - tens of players mobile habitually told inundar the areas with high rate of crime .
the mr times said that a people , as those travel daily work , had been springs and viniendo the park for the day , doing of the 1 a.m. a good time to into .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; was appropriate do when as the will number of people in the park &quot; , said .
lorry of the unit of services of emergency with focos and altavoces congregaban in the cruce of pike slip with franklin d. roosevelt drive , closely the bridge of manhattan , before of get .
the lights and the messages pregrabados retumbaban since the altavoces found intimidated to many demonstrators .
the players of affairs community were park with their cortavientos blue clear , many demonstrators simply recogieron their things and were .
not tocó no shop to the 1 : 45 a.m. , said the police , giving time to the demonstrators to up their pertenencias .
other equipment of players were independent reuniéndose in the kilometres to into if needed do arrests in the park .
the journalists in the park were forced to abandonarlo .
paul j. browne , the spokesman head the department of police , said that was their security .
but many journalists said that tried avoid that recommend to the police into in action in the park , and had been treated bruscamente the players .
the mr browne said that the units mobile of television in church street , to what long the on western the park , were recaptured images .
to measure the police movía to the west to through of the densa web of effects personal of the demonstrators , including luggage and overflows of waste of role and of plastic abarrotadas of clothes , equipment the department of bit them followed , recogiendo what made back .
some demonstrators that refused to start were arrastrados outside , apareciendo images in internet short time after .
a group central of demonstrators took positions closely of the area of kitchen the camp , closely the centre the park .
some did a barrier , and the police been to arrestarlos metódicamente .
in on to a 10 people in the epicentro the camp candaron between them the sit .
and two people encadenaron to trees , said the mr times .
the players the service of emergencies were called to cortar the candados .
not did arrests in the park to more or least the 3 : 30 a.m. , said the mr times .
the operation of despeje was full a 75 minutes after , said the police .
the mr browne said that a 142 people were kept in the park .
the greater part of the arrests were &quot; at the order public and resistance to the authority &quot; , said .
the agent of more high they in the scene was joseph j. espósito , the head the department , the officer higher uniformado in the department .
phil t. pulaski , the head of detectives the department , also was there .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the mr his , while was present , &quot; not was dirigiendo the operations &quot; , said the mr browne .
a second group of players expected to what long the hand eastern of broadway , between the streets liberty and cedar , in case of that tell that into .
alzaron barricadas in the street cortlandt , a bloc the north the park , and in the street pine , a bloc the troubled .
=======
the mr times , while was present , &quot; not was dirigiendo the operations &quot; , said the mr browne .
a second group of players expected to what long the hand eastern of broadway , between the streets liberty and cedar , in case of that tell that into .
alzaron barricadas in the street cortlandt , a bloc north the park , and in the street pine , a bloc troubled .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
since these positions , was to the police extending the kilometres even more beyond the park zuccotti .
in a time case , a series of players , many of them with shields , were independent rolling to the people to afuera .
had a 28 people in the kilometres north .
no of the action more noisier of the night had place the south the park .
in on to the 5 a.m. , at troubled of the street pine , a manifestante saltó on the capó of a car of police , and to others them was quitando the air of the wheelchair of a furgoneta of police .
in a time case , a one of contrachapado went flying since the a .
the final , a agent and a manifestante were hospitalizados .
the union of workers of support demandará to the city the redundancies
the union represents to hundreds of workers of support school lost their jobs the month last planning exceeding to the city the wednesday , say that the redundancies were unnecessary and discriminatory because to their impact desproporcionado on the schools atienden to students poor .
the demand is , possibly , the last weapon to available the union , the district municipal 37 , in their effort revocar the redundancies .
<<<<<<< HEAD
seiscientos was and two vacancies of the school , the coordinators of parents and other employees which were between the worst paid of the city lost their work the 7 of october , in a movement which the leaders trade have to as a venganza political their cost to allow , the spring last , the access part of the city to a fund of assistance health to office of groups of work for close their gap budgetary .
the authorities municipal have denied categorically that prosecution .
in a hearing in the city the month last , the consejero of education , ross m. walcott , said that the redundancies were a part the budget adopted in june .
a member the council contraatacó him that nothing in the budget especificaba that the member the staff of support of the school would despedidos .
officials the district municipal 37 said that tabled the complaint writing , advirtiendo at department of education of that would demanded . will a conference of press the wednesday for announce the presentation official of the demand , in the court supreme state in manhattan .
the demand include the sr. walcott and the department of education of the city as accused , and has with eight workers despedidos as demandantes , all them women blackest or latinas , the as that the majority of the assistants which lost their jobs .
elizabeth he , spokesman the department legal of the city , said that the city not had seen the demand and what therefore not could do comments on their claims specific .
according a draft of the demand agonising the new york times , the union has focused in the number of redundancies in the schools of areas poor of the city for support a complaint treatment unfair , saying that the schools poor lost more assistants , already which had been insuficientemente receive of is of .
out that if well not there redundancies in staten island and a few redundancies in the schools in the upper dundalk side or tribeca , 17 assistants school lost their jobs in the district 23 in brownsville , brooklyn , and 46 were dismissed in the districts 8 and 9 in the south the bronx .
taking in account the loss of five of the eight assistants used the school public 36 in harlem , where the 68 cent of the students live in the poverty , the demand says , &quot; this not is a area of parents wealthiest which be custom funds for cover the deficit budgetary &quot; .
p.d. the budget the district 36 reduced in a 3,26 cent this year , and also lost money when the city changed the way in which estimated the funding additional for every abolition student poor in the schools .
the union also says that the directors of schools imperative can have been engañados the language in a memorándum which authorises the employees of the coordinators of parents .
the memorándum his the word &quot; surplus &quot; for under the action , to despite of which &quot; surplus &quot; describes with greater often the act of enterprises to a proxy of the nómina of a school to a exchange of work , whose that are paid the office central .
&quot; sixty and six coordinators of parents were dismissed &quot; , says the draft of the complaint , &quot; and not only in surplus &quot; .
mission draw , the congress prepared for to to a agreement on libya
seems that finally republicans and demócratas in the capitolio are ready to country of agreement on something connected with the embargo in libya .
all what which needed was that the rebellion would success , which the veterano dictator muamar the gaddafi would suspect and reverse and the participation of states united came to their end .
the tuesday , the committee of affairs foreign the senate will to be a resolution , patrocinada the president john kerry ( democrat massachusetts ) , with with the senadores john mccain ( republicano arizona ) and joseph i. lieberman ( independent connecticut ) , aplaudiendo to the detained their successful rebellion and to the troops of ee.uu. their &quot; courage &quot; .
&quot; this resolution is for honrar to the valientes of libya , the start to rebuild their country &quot; , said kerry .
&quot; is a claim of support bipartidista for their aspirations democratic . &quot;
the language can appear inofensivo , but nothing on the debate on libya has been easy to now .
this summer , the legislators of two parties peleaban between itself and with the home white on the wording of a series of resolutions for approve or reject the role of the military of ee.uu. in the mission of the nato in libya .
in june , kerry and mccain tabled a resolution which authorises the use limited of forces military of ee.uu. in libya .
the project of law was derrotado in the house a broader for bipartidista , and that never came to votarse in the senate .
but the same day in which the project of law was rejected in the house , the house also rejected a measure which would recortado the funds for the operations american in libya .
what he the mission of ee.uu. in a kind of purgatorio legislative - with the congress enough upsetting as for criticise the within part of obama of the mission , but not so enfadado as for in reality segar the hierba under their feet .
=======
seiscientos seventy and two vacancies of the school , the coordinators of parents and other employees were between the worst paid of the city lost their work the 7 of october , in a movement the leaders trade have referred as a venganza political their cost to allow , the spring last , the access part of the city to a fund of assistance health to office of groups of work to close their gap budgetary .
the authorities municipal have denied categorically prosecution .
in a hearing in the city the month last , the consejero of education , ross m. walcott , said that the redundancies were a part the budget completely in june .
a member the council contraatacó understood that nothing in the budget especificaba that the member the staff of support of the school would despedidos .
officials the district municipal 37 said that tabled the complaint writing , advirtiendo at department of education of that would demanded . will a conference of press the wednesday to announce the presentation official of the demand , in the court supreme state in manhattan .
the demand include the sr. walcott and department of education of the city as accused , and has with eight workers despedidos as demandantes , all them women blackest or latinas , the as that the majority of the assistants lost their jobs .
elizabeth case , spokesman the department legal of the city , said that the city not had seen the demand and what therefore not could do comments on their claims specific .
according a draft of the demand agonising the new york times , the union has focused in the number of redundancies in the schools of areas poor of the city to support a complaint treatment unfair , saying that the schools poor lost more assistants , already had been insuficientemente receive of is risk .
that if well not there redundancies in staten island and a few redundancies in the schools in the upper dundalk side or tribeca , 17 assistants school lost their jobs in the district 23 in brownsville , brooklyn , and 46 were dismissed in the districts 8 and 9 in the south the bronx .
taking in account the loss of five of the eight assistants used the school public 36 in harlem , where the 68 cent of the students live in the poverty , the demand says , &quot; this not is a area of parents wealthiest be have funds to cover the deficit budgetary &quot; .
p.d. the budget the district 36 reduced in a 3,26 cent this year , and also lost money when the city changed the way in estimated the funding additional to every abolition student poor in the schools .
the union also says that the directors of schools imperative can have been engañados the language in a memorándum authorises the employees of the coordinators of parents .
the memorándum dispense the word &quot; surplus &quot; to prescribed the action , to despite of &quot; surplus &quot; describes with greater often the act of transfer to a proxy of the nómina of a school to a exchange of work , whose increases are paid the office central .
&quot; sixty and six coordinators of parents were dismissed &quot; , says the draft of the complaint , &quot; and not only in surplus &quot; .
mission right , the congress prepared to come to a agreement on libya
seems that finally republican and demócratas in the capitolio are ready to country of agreement on something related with the embargo in libya .
all what needed was that the rebellion had success , the veterano dictator muamar the gaddafi would just and reverse and the participation of states united was to their end .
the tuesday , the committee of affairs foreign the senate is to be a resolution , patrocinada the president john kerry ( democrat massachusetts ) , with with the senadores john mccain ( republicano arizona ) and joseph i. lieberman ( independent connecticut ) , aplaudiendo to the libyans their successful rebellion and to the troops of ee.uu. their &quot; courage &quot; .
&quot; this resolution is to honrar to the valientes of libya , the start to rebuild their country &quot; , said kerry .
&quot; is a claim of support bipartidista to their aspirations democratic . &quot;
the language can appear inofensivo , but nothing on the debate on libya has been easy to now .
this summer , the legislators of both parties peleaban between itself and with the home white on the wording of a series of resolutions to approve or reject the role of the military of ee.uu. in the mission of the nato in libya .
in june , kerry and mccain tabled a resolution authorises the use limited of forces military of ee.uu. in libya .
the project of law was derrotado in the house a broader margin bipartidista , and that never was to votarse in the senate .
but the same day in the project of law was rejected in the house , the house also rejected a measure would recortado the funds to the operations american in libya .
what he the mission of ee.uu. in a kind of purgatorio legislative - with the congress enough upsetting as to criticise the within part of obama of the mission , but not so enfadado as to in reality segar the hierba under their feet .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
to continuation , the indecisión the congress was superada the events .
trípoli fell in hands of the rebels libios in august , and gaddafi was murdered the 20 of october .
the mission of the nato was officially the 31 of october .
now the senate could be group to act .
the resolution the committee of affairs foreign &quot; welcomes the people of libya their tremendo courage and extraordinary resistance to shake to itself same &quot; and &quot; commends to the men and women of the forces armadas of states united and to their partners of the coalition took in operations military to protect at people of libya their extraordinary courage and professionalism &quot; .
the resolution also &quot; states the interest national of the states united in one successful and irreversible transition to the democracy in libya . &quot;
¿ are the new measure the complete support of the commission of affairs foreign , or dividirá to the legislators as was the project of law of june ?
the last version was rejected the senator richard g. place ( indiana ) , the main republicano the committee .
the spokesman of place said the monday that not had seen still the version final the new project of law .
the another hand the capitolio , the house is to vote this week on a amendment constitutional demanding a budget employee , a priority legislative to almost all the congresistas republican and some democrats .
the measure , patrocinada the republicano bob goodlatte ( republicano virginia ) , will the first amendment constitutional on the budget or any another issue of fact logre a vote of the the house in the house or the senate in this congress .
others legislators not have had success to the time to do come their amendments to the house , but not lack of attempts .
the of goodlatte is only a of the 68 amendments constitutional have taken in this congress , abarcan a wider range of subjects .
some are duplicados - the same project of law proposes therefore in the house as in the senate - and others with small shift between itself .
<<<<<<< HEAD
there what least 15 versions of the amendment the balance budgetary so only in the house , and another handful which &quot; be the expenditure federal . &quot;
some of these projects of law also are idénticos between itself , but are to their patrocinadores - on all republicans job which looking refinar their currículums - the opportunity of jactarse of that them were the &quot; authors &quot; of that measure .
the law of control of budget , which was approved in august , requirió that therefore the house as the senate had a amendment the balance budgetary .
in march , 58 senadores voted to favour of a resolution not binding that supports the idea of that amendment .
more beyond the budget , several member want limit the number of mandatos which the member the congress can to , while which the representative josé e. serrano ( democrat new york ) , want denied the limit of two mandatos for the presidents .
the representative jesse l. jackson jr . ( democrat illinois ) has proposed a series of amendments which an the right to a education of quality and attention health , between other subjects .
a amendment which prohibits the marriage homosexual is a proposal perenne , as a which prohibits the burning of flags .
some legislators also want allow the down of the laws federal if are been two thirds of the states .
so enthusiasts which have been the member to the time of propose amendments , not are pulling to a pace more rapid that in years previous .
=======
there what least 15 versions of the amendment the balance budgetary so only in the house , and another handful &quot; be the expenditure federal . &quot;
some of these projects of law also are idénticos between itself , but are to their patrocinadores - on all republican job are refinar their currículums - the opportunity of jactarse of that them were the &quot; authors &quot; of that measure .
the law of control of budget , was approved in august , requirió that therefore the house as the senate had a amendment the balance budgetary .
in march , 58 senadores voted to favour of a resolution not binding that supports the idea of amendment .
more beyond the budget , several member want limit the number of mandatos the member the congress can comply , while the representative josé e. serrano ( democrat new york ) , want denied the limit of two mandatos to the presidents .
the representative jesse l. jackson jr . ( democrat illinois ) has proposed a series of amendments ensure the right to a education of quality and attention health , between other subjects .
a amendment prohibits the marriage homosexual is a proposal perenne , as a prohibits the burning of flags .
some legislators also want allow the annulment of the laws federal if are been two thirds of the states .
so enthusiasts have been the member to the time of propose amendments , not are pulling to a pace more rapid that in years previous .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
in the 111º congress , the legislators participating 77 amendments , and tabled 66 in the 110º .
the pace is unacceptable in compared with the of the the of 1990 , when the member made regularly more of 150 amendments every two years , that figures proporcionadas the library the senate .
but not had much more success then of what have now .
the last amendment added - the 27 - was resting in 1992 , but of done was proposal the congress in 1789 .
&quot; golpeada but not derrotada , &quot; giffords about in their first interview in broadcasters since the shootout
ten months after of that a pistolero you disparara to quemarropa in a act constitutional in tucson , the representative gabrielle giffords ( democrat arizona ) am in the television national the night the monday , sung accompanied of the melodía of broadway &quot; the sun come tomorrow &quot; and said that wanted recuperarse more of what wanted return the congress .
in their emergence in abc news &quot; 20 / 20 &quot; , with diane sawyer , giffords fighting to be prayers and needed aid to moving .
the programme documentó their difficult way of back of the damage demographic a bullet you fracturó the cráneo and perforó the hand izquierdo of their brain , and step since the operating to the part of of their head .
ago three months , came surprise to the house to express their vote triunfante in the agreement the ceiling of debt .
in their first interview since the shootout of january , know to six and hirió to 13 , giffords sonrió , rio and sung - and described their recovery as &quot; difficult &quot; .
when sawyer you asked how feel , giffords , of 41 years , did : &quot; bastante rightly &quot; .
the interview with giffords and their husband , the astronaut mark times , was part of a programme special of &quot; 20 / 20 &quot; of a time of duration , issued the eve of the publication the new book of the couple , &quot; gabby : a history of courage and hope &quot; .
the programme special analizaba the recovery of giffords since the shootout the 8 of january .
in videos minds times in the first weeks , it is in their bed of hospital , with the head afeitada and a long cicatriz falls their operating .
she only can keep one or two attitudes erguidos , while their husband it encourages .
months more later , is to giffords ages in a wheelchair of wheelchair while the terapeutas you taught how be actions simpler .
a movement of head .
a fruncimiento of the labios .
<<<<<<< HEAD
and then , their first word : &quot; moment &quot; .
in few days , giffords them another word - &quot; tostada &quot; , a request of change in their menu of breakfast .
videos delivery abc show that the music playing a role central in the recovery of giffords : is to the congresista cantando with with the terapeutas the songs &quot; girls just wanna have fun &quot; of cyndi lauper and &quot; free falling &quot; of tom petty .
in the interview with sawyer , giffords , which ago two hours of been all the days , said that not reminds the day the shootout .
their husband said that was leyéndole to giffords a article the newspaper on the murder the 12 of march when it clamped for ask first time about of the six which had died in the incident .
the pistolero using , jared yew loughner , is being in a prison of monsanto and is being medicado the force while expected trial .
&quot; very people died &quot; , you said giffords to sawyer .
&quot; choice , choice , has . &quot;
his you said to sawyer which in a time of the recovery of their wife , it said : &quot; i been derrotada . &quot;
&quot; which , i you i , &quot; &apos; gabby , not agree been derrotada , &apos; &quot; said his .
=======
and then , their first word : &quot; &quot; .
in few days , giffords were another word - &quot; tostada &quot; , a request of change in their menu of breakfast .
videos greatly abc are that the music playing a role central in the recovery of giffords : is to the congresista cantando with with the terapeutas the songs &quot; girls just wanna have fun &quot; of cyndi lauper and &quot; free falling &quot; of tom petty .
in the interview with sawyer , giffords , ago two hours of been all the days , said that not reminds the day the shootout .
their husband said that was leyéndole to giffords a article the newspaper on the murder the 12 of march when she including to ask first time about of the at had died in the incident .
the pistolero using , jared yew loughner , is precise in a prison of monsanto and is being medicado the force while expected trial .
&quot; a people died &quot; , you said giffords to sawyer .
&quot; choice , choice , choice . &quot;
times you said to sawyer in a time of the recovery of their wife , she said : &quot; i been derrotada . &quot;
&quot; , i you said , &quot; &apos; gabby , not agree been derrotada , &apos; &quot; said times .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; so only agree been hit .
and are to get of this , and are to recuperarte and are to return with more force that never . &quot;
the troops do feel more lástima that respect
<<<<<<< HEAD
the event was a and of wall street which recaudó million of dollars for the veteranos home in new york .
=======
the event was a and of wall street recaudó million of dollars to the veteranos home in new york .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
kid diplomat sung a balada on the powerlessness , the frustration and the loss .
in that time , several hundreds of soldiers , sailors , aviadores and infantes of marina claiming in their jobs in on to he .
the a of label brought of ordinary and aplaudieron .
&quot; the men and women were adverse as heroes &quot; , said david saltzman , who organised the revenues of funds of spring .
a official military of high they in the and , also known as the then president the state army whole , the almirante mike mullen , was the role of the troops of way different .
&quot; were as a kind of child huérfano &quot; , wrote the officer in a email electronic .
am sure of that the organizers had good intentions .
<<<<<<< HEAD
which had .
but not was respect , of truth . was lástima .
the from marcadamente contradictory illustrate the difficult relationship which has helplessness of the military and a public us to often distante , to sometimes , adorador .
=======
had .
but not was respect , of truth . was lástima .
the fingerprints marcadamente contradictory illustrate the difficult relationship has taken of the military and a public us to often distante , to times , adorador .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
prodiga to the troops with praise their sacrifices .
but the alabanza has a price , say the member the service .
the public every time more it as if you dieran penalty those uniformados .
&quot; not are victims in all &quot; , said the general of brigade whatever b. macfarland , who comandó the troops in iraq and soon partirá to afghanistan .
&quot; but seems that the only way of some demonstrate their support is put to us in the role of souls desamparadas . &quot;
the issue is a issue very sensitive to the leaders military , not want appear desagradecidos or in disagreement with the public the serve .
also are account of that the ira to the enfrentaron the troops were in the last years of the war of vietnam was much worst .
as result , the majority of the discussions on the lástima have to out in silence and in private between the veteranos of war .
after of that their two children were of combat with the infantería of marina , the colonel retirado mark cancian them warned of that the people apart of the military considered their service since two prospects .
<<<<<<< HEAD
some them mirarían with a sense of fear because to which enfrentaron to the insurgents and they to places exóticos .
others preguntarían if would a &quot; veterano enojado and as below of the surface &quot; , said cancian , which fought in iraq and came to a work of high level the government in washington .
during their search of employment , said , felt that some entrevistadores you had was sutilmente if would capable of aguantar under the pressure of a challenging work of washington immediately after of their about of combat .
&quot; when hablas about of your service , necesitas do with to the from negative &quot; , reminded cancian contándoselo to their children .
arises the concern military , in part , of the fighters us towards the wars .
the achievements in the field of battle are rarely time elected for the alabanza part of a country which has little familiaridad with the military and is few profits direct of the wars of iraq and afghanistan .
&quot; us , as nation , already not we the heroísmo military of ways which were the all common in the second war world &quot; , said the deputy general retirado david barno , who comandó the troops of ee.uu. in afghanistan .
=======
some them mirarían with a sense of fear because to enfrentaron to the insurgents and they to places exóticos .
others preguntarían if would a &quot; veterano enojado and as below of the surface &quot; , said cancian , fought in iraq and came to a work of high level the government in washington .
for their search of employment , said , felt that some entrevistadores you had was sutilmente if would capable of aguantar under the pressure of a challenging work of washington immediately after of their about of combat .
&quot; when hablas about of your service , necesitas do with to the fingerprints negative &quot; , reminded cancian contándoselo to their children .
arises the concern military , in part , of the indifference us to the wars .
the achievements in the field of battle are rarely time elected to the alabanza part of a country has little familiaridad with the military and is few profits direct of the wars of iraq and afghanistan .
&quot; us , as nation , already not value the heroísmo military of ways were the all common in the second war world &quot; , said the deputy general retirado david barno , who comandó the troops of ee.uu. in afghanistan .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
in change , the praise of the politicians and the public concentrate in great measure in the depth the suffering of a member the service .
the troops are reconocidas the number of giras have soportado , the number of friends have lost or the reach of their injury .
the army afronta a growing pressure to end with the violation
this week , a hearing historic decide if 28 women and men have a case against the army their hypothetical passivity to the violation .
if not , hundreds of advice are organising to the next .
the soldier of first elizabeth lyman had 25 years and 11 weeks of pregnancy it night in the she says that was raped a area .
was october of 2008 , and respected of return to their barracks in the basis air miramar , at north of st garcia , after of the dinner with a friend when found with a colleague was a package of 12 latas of beer .
he you asked if could joining to she in their room to take a cup .
&quot; sonó a signal of alarm &quot; , says lyman .
however , the nativa of texas he to a hand their concern .
thought , not , has 19 .
&quot; is of texas &quot; , says .
&quot; running would heard to my enjoyment . &quot;
<<<<<<< HEAD
to the few minutes of into in the room of lyman , the man you acercó behind , tirándola towards from and violándola , does .
this week , the 18 of november , lyman and other 27 member the personal military current and old expect ansiosamente a decision legal in a trial historic which will in arlington , virginia , which decide if the demand which have interpuesta against the exsecretario of defence robert philips and their predecessor , donald rumsfeld , fare to trial .
the demand referendums that philips and rumsfeld top in the reduction of the violation widespread between the military , in violation of the rights constitutional of the soldiers .
tabled in february susan burke , a who of washington , d.c. , the demand discussed initially to 17 advice , but creció to 28 in the months to , 25 women and three men , all them claim that were violados or agredidos sexually their colleagues , and that the army owned to the time of investigate , assertion , or provide justice appropriate after of the supuestas violations .
burke says that will to the flat greater the army , because the problem begins with them .
&quot; the army is a structure of down towards from &quot; , says .
&quot; ¿ who are the people which are in conditions of eradicate the culture of the represalias ? the high control . &quot;
burke also says that since february , have since in contact with it closely of 400 survivors more , many of the which could be part of future demands .
their strategy : in place of earned to all the advice in this case , by all the eggs in a same basket , were , will to present several cases , of be necessary , for keep the pressure .
the team of the defence for the department of defence , encabezado the prosecutor federal neil macbride , has have a motion for underestimating the case .
the documents the court , results newsweek , detailing the strategy of defence -en essence , which the military not can be demandados soldiers current or old the injury subjected in the forces armed .
=======
to the few minutes of into in the room of lyman , the man you acercó behind , tirándola to from and violándola , does .
this week , the 18 of november , lyman and other 27 member the personal military current and old expect ansiosamente a decision legal in a trial historic will in arlington , virginia , decide if the demand have interpuesta against the exsecretario of defence robert philips and their predecessor , donald rumsfeld , fare to trial .
the demand does that philips and rumsfeld top in the reduction of the violation widespread between the military , in violation of the rights constitutional of the soldiers .
such in february susan burke , a immigrés of washington , d.c. , the demand discussed initially to 17 advice , but creció to 28 in the months as , 25 women and three men , all them claim that were violados or agredidos sexually their colleagues , and that the army owned to the time of investigate , try , or provide justice appropriate after of the supuestas violations .
burke says that is to the flat greater the army , because the problem begins with them .
&quot; the army is a structure of down to from &quot; , says .
&quot; ¿ who are the people are in conditions of eradicate the culture of the represalias ? the high control . &quot;
burke also says that since february , have since in contact with she closely of 400 survivors more , many of the which could be part of future demands .
their strategy : in place of earned to all the advice in this case , abide all the eggs in a same basket , were , is to present several cases , of be necessary , to keep the pressure .
the team of the defence to the department of defence , encabezado the prosecutor federal neil macbride , has have a motion to underestimating the case .
the documents the court , bad newsweek , detailing the strategy of defence -en essence , the military not can be demandados soldiers current or old the injury exalted in the forces armed .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
a judgment the court supreme of 1950 called the announcement feres , the government federal not is responsible the damage sufridos the staff in service active .
&quot; the damage alegados are part the service military of the advice &quot; , say the documents .
the department of defence refused to do comments to this article .
the things have changed since the years 50 .
<<<<<<< HEAD
while which to the women still them is officially outside serve in combat , this distinction is only roll : the wars modern rarely time have clear the lines the with .
therefore in iraq as in afghanistan , the equipment of women soldier are desempeñando papers every time more important , especially for to to the women local in areas of war .
the result : between these two wars , 150 women soldier have combination and two thirds of them in situations of combat .
is time of that the army also modernice , says burke .
it not is single in their fight , and other three demands are in , also the their .
in the faculty of right of yale , the clinic of services legal for veteranos is about a case against the four main academies military supposed promote a environment misógino .
another part , the organisation mind of profit vietnam veterans of america is his a demand against the army which focuses in the verdicts of &quot; nuisance of the status &quot; allocated to the victims of violation with the end of them the high the service -un skeletons common , according the activists , as anu bhagwati of the network of action of women in service , a group of rights human .
their group presented a demand in december against the administration of veteranos , acusándola of practices young in the way in which expose the complaints of profits for the people which say have been agredidas sexually in the service .
have have nine projects of law separate in the congress part of a a bipartidista of senadores and representatives , proposing a series of corrections .
in 2010 there 3.158 violations sexual denunciadas , according the office for the prevention of the aggression sexual and answer the department of defence .
however , the violations are contribution infra denunciadas , and the own estimates the pentagon , which figure in approximately the 13,5 cent of the 19000 incidents ladies which there that year .
the report , published in march , also considering the nation of prosecution : in 2010 , a 20 cent of the cases denunciados in the army was to trial - the half which in the system of justice civil .
the advice in the case of burke , describen their attacks as only the first of a series of mercenaries .
in the case of lyman , deplored the presunta violation to the police military least of a time after of that ocurriera .
that night , says , you asked that contara the details of their violation 11 sometimes different to a a of police , doctors , and staff .
it concluded to a kit of violation , and the blood of their agresor -de a court in their brazo- was knight in their bed .
six months after , in april of 2009 , lyman saw to a hearing to a judge , during the which you asked about of that would had relations sexual with their novio the day the attack .
six people allowed as witnessing of status in name the alleged author , which was finally absuelto .
&quot; i the day in which read the verdict &quot; , says lyman .
&quot; thought that i was to go the work -me i shouting since the room . &quot;
&quot; i put in the unit of psiquiatría , and when i , i that you i to my officer of control , &quot; &quot; that not was their trial . that was my trial &quot; .
to lyman you issued visiting to a psiquiatra military , which finally you malnourished a nuisance of the status , what which was not apta for the service .
in january of 2010 was dispensada the service under terms menos-que-honorables , what which you from receive any benefit .
in as to if the case submitted lyman and their colleagues of demand continues , is a possibility very hits , says john turley , professor of right in the faculty of right orwell washington .
however , out , &quot; in my opinion , should be able of continue forward &quot; .
what which interpone between them and a verdict is this announcement which has been criticada since that published first time .
=======
while to the women still them is officially outside serve in combat , this distinction is only in : the wars modern rarely time have clear the lines the with .
therefore in iraq as in afghanistan , the equipment of women soldier are desempeñando papers every time more important , especially to come to the women local in areas of war .
the result : between these two wars , 150 women soldier have combination and two thirds of them in situations of combat .
is time of that the army also modernice , says burke .
she not is single in their fight , and other three demands are in , also the their .
in the faculty of right of yale , the clinic of services legal to veteranos is preparing a case against the four main academies military supposed promote a environment misógino .
another part , the organisation mind of profit vietnam veterans of america is drawing a demand against the army focuses in the verdicts of &quot; nuisance of the status &quot; less to the victims of violation with the end of them the high the service -un skeletons common , according the activists , as anu bhagwati of the network of action of women in service , a group of rights human .
their group presented a demand in december against the administration of veteranos , acusándola of practices young in the way in expose the complaints of profits to the people say have been agredidas sexually in the service .
have have nine projects of law separate in the congress part of a bipartidista of senadores and representatives , proposing a series of corrections .
in 2010 there 3.158 violations sexual denunciadas , according the office to the prevention of the aggression sexual and answer the department of defence .
however , the violations are contribution infra denunciadas , and the own estimates the pentagon , figure in approximately the 13,5 cent of the 19000 incidents ladies there that year .
the report , published in march , also considering the nation of prosecution : in 2010 , a 20 cent of the cases denunciados in the army was to trial - the half in the system of justice civil .
the advice in the case of burke , describen their attacks as only the first of a series of mercenaries .
in the case of lyman , deplored the presunta violation to the police military least of a time after of that ocurriera .
night , says , you asked that contara the details of their violation 11 times different to a a of police , doctors , and staff .
she concluded to a kit of violation , and the blood of their agresor -de a court in their brazo- was discovered in their bed .
six months after , in april of 2009 , lyman saw to a hearing to a judge , for the which you asked about of that would had relations sexual with their novio the day the attack .
six people allowed as witnessing of status in name the alleged author , was finally absuelto .
&quot; remember the day in read the verdict &quot; , says lyman .
&quot; thought that i was to go the work -me found shouting since the room . &quot;
&quot; i put in the unit of psiquiatría , and when i , remember that you said to my officer of control , &quot; &quot; that not was their trial . that was my trial &quot; .
to lyman you issued visiting to a psiquiatra military , finally you malnourished a nuisance of the status , what it was not apta to the service .
in january of 2010 was dispensada the service under terms menos-que-honorables , what you prevents receive any benefit .
in as to if the case concrete lyman and their colleagues of demand continues , is a possibility very popular , says john turley , professor of right in the faculty of right orwell washington .
however , , &quot; in my opinion , should be able of continue forward &quot; .
what interpone between them and a verdict is this announcement has been criticada since that published first time .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
i been a crítico permanent of the announcement feres .
the army is decades behind because not has the same incentive and deterrent with the responsibility .
and adds : &quot; the degree are very in against of them ... but is important to them forefront . &quot;
these things only period when the people good is ready to fight .
<<<<<<< HEAD
if the hearing not will their way , burke , who of the advice , will to the eu to their other hundreds of advice for cases future .
&quot; we to continue fighting against the army in this issue to that the reform would &quot; , says .
&quot; or to that we muramos , what which happen first .
=======
if the hearing not is their way , burke , immigrés of the advice , will to the eu to their other hundreds of advice to cases future .
&quot; we to continue fighting against the army in this issue to that the reform would &quot; , says .
&quot; or to that we muramos , what happen first .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the walls have eyes : how the researchers you are looking in facebook
before of become in the new face of the extreme right in europe , anders behring breivik was simply another kind aireaba their points of view anti-inmigración in line .
the monday , breivik , who befriended have been a killing in norway in july , he 77 dead , faced to their first hearing legal public .
while breivik can have been only , was far of be only in the ciberespacio : had happened the greater part the time preceded to their attack with to their computer , charlando with some of the million of nationalists support to the groups of right in networks social .
after of the tragedy of this summer , the researchers wanted know more about of these people .
but , ¿ how encontrarlas ?
<<<<<<< HEAD
easy - only you that into in facebook .
&quot; we we account of that not was so difficult to to them &quot; , says jamie bartlett , author main of a report published recently on the populism digital european the centre of studies british demos .
the alijo of information personal of facebook is so enciclopédico , says bartlett , which the researchers could simply use tool of advertising for determine their characteristics demográficas deseadas with a precision scientific - the way which sellers have been being during years .
the team of bartlett found half million of fan of the groups of right in all europe and then them dirigieron announcements , but in place of vincularles to a new bandwidth or product of dieta , the announcements invitaban to the users to complete a survey which he on their level education , attitudes towards the violence and the optimism on their own future .
the to to through of facebook , bartlett and their colleagues were able of to to more of 10.000 followers of 14 parties of extreme right in 11 countries european - all get of the office .
&quot; is a way completely new of do a research &quot; , says bartlett .
some of the results not are the all surprising : the who in line of the groups of right tend to be young , men and enfadados the immigration .
however , in a kind of drawing , &quot; those which combined their activismo in line with the activismo outside of line are more reasonable , more democratic and least violent which those which remain behind of the screen the computer &quot; .
=======
easy - only have that into in facebook .
&quot; we we account of that not was so difficult come to them &quot; , says jamie bartlett , author main of a report published recently on the populism digital european the centre of studies british demos .
the alijo of information personal of facebook is so enciclopédico , says bartlett , the researchers could simply use it tool of advertising to determine their characteristics demográficas deseadas with a precision scientific - the way sellers have been being for years .
the team of bartlett found half million of fan of the groups of right in the europe and then them dirigieron announcements , but in place of vincularles to a new broadband or product of dieta , the announcements invitaban to the users to complete a survey he on their level educational , attitudes to the violence and the optimism on their own future .
the come to through of facebook , bartlett and their colleagues were able of look to more of 10.000 followers of 14 parties of extreme right in 11 countries european - all get of the office .
&quot; is a way completely new of do a research &quot; , says bartlett .
some of the results not are the all surprising : the who in line of the groups of right tend to be young , men and enfadados the immigration .
however , in a kind of drawing , &quot; those combined their activismo in line with the activismo outside of line are more reasonable , more democratic and least violent those are behind of the screen the computer &quot; .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the work of demos is only a example of how facebook is becoming in a new and important tool in hands of the scientists .
centres of research , researchers medical and scientists politicians are being the website to look all , since problems of health to trends social as express in the &quot; i like &quot; , messages in the walls and dialogues of state .
with more of 800 million of users active agregando a average of three parts of content day , the &quot; supernova of data &quot; of facebook is target a on of the research , pushing the number of jobs academics with the name the website in the title to almost a 800 % in the last five years .
to some researchers , the beauty of facebook is that you allows look to the people to the not podías acercarte with a carpeta in the street .
&quot; before , when intentabas encuestar to people the party national british , was very difficult identificarlos . &quot;
&quot; tendrías go to through the party , and them never you bring the access &quot; , says bartlett .
&quot; facebook see all that - are to them directly . &quot;
others say that the website could provide a way of identify and address the problems of salud-social .
<<<<<<< HEAD
a study recent out the doctora megan seaside , of the university of wisconsin-madison and their colleagues , found that the students university which they of their hazañas of borrachera in facebook had a risk significantly greater of have problems with the drink which the students which refused in silence on the issue .
seaside suggests that the colleagues of the students , such as the dispatches residenciales , could control the website and intervene for help to a student which publish too dialogues of state with their table .
&quot; not you try a problem if not you diagnosticar &quot; , said dostoevsky christakis , the co-autor of seaside and director the centre of health , behaviour and development the child in the institute of research infantil of seattle , said the washington post .
&quot; we found a way of identify children in risk which of another way not would diagnosticados . &quot;
facebook also is constantly &quot; pinchando &quot; to their own population for obtain data .
the team of data the website has produced statistics on the state of the relationship and the day of st valentine , the expectation of participation electoral to half the period legislative of 2010 , and a rate of happiness national ( mainly being the information to the which can access - defenders of the freedom digital ago a time which maintain that the website should to to available of other their great amount of data for the research ) .
however , the users of facebook know that the website them is looking , them whether or not - the sacrificio to playing the scrabble with a friend to thousands of kilometres of distance is allow that the website mine your information personal .
but ¿ what is when the users of facebook spend to be part of a survey which not even know ?
while which the researchers have guidelines well advocate on how up their data outside of line , in line is a barra free for all .
=======
a study recent out the doctora megan seaside , of the university of wisconsin-madison and their colleagues , found that the students university spoke of their hazañas of borrachera in facebook had a risk significantly greater of have problems with the drink the students refused in silence on the issue .
seaside suggests that the colleagues of the students , such as the dispatches residenciales , could control the website and intervene to help to a student expecting too dialogues of state with their table .
&quot; not saying try a problem if not saying diagnosticar &quot; , said dostoevsky christakis , the co-autor of seaside and director the centre of health , behaviour and development the child in the institute of research infantil of seattle , said the washington post .
&quot; have found a way of identify children in risk of another way not would diagnosticados . &quot;
facebook also is constantly &quot; pinchando &quot; to their own population to obtain data .
the team of data the website has produced statistics on the state of the relationship and the day of st valentine , the expectation of participation electoral to half the period legislative of 2010 , and a rate of happiness national ( mainly being the information to the can access - defenders of the freedom digital ago a time maintain that the website should put to available of other their great amount of data to the research ) .
however , the users of facebook know that the website them is watching , them whether or not - the sacrificio be playing the scrabble with a friend to thousands of kilometres of distance is allow that the website mine your information personal .
but ¿ what is when the users of facebook spend to be part of a survey or even know ?
while the researchers have guidelines well more on how up their data outside of line , in line is a barra free to all .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; not i that many of the users have considered even in the fact of that a researchers could be examining their profiles &quot; , says neil selwyn , a sociologist the laboratory of knowledge of london , on a study of 2006 that was to out with the walls public of facebook of students .
&quot; in what to them give , was only between them and their friends . &quot;
then is the question of the methodology .
even outside of line , not there guarantee of that a issue of research this being completely honest .
in facebook , is impossible know that part of the information the profile of a user and of the messages the wall are truth .
&quot; what dices in facebook and what described outside of facebook are two things completely different &quot; , says selwyn .
is that that , to despite of their years as researchers of the technology , selwyn believe that a sujetapapeles and a bolígrafo are being the best tools of research that nobody can use .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; not there sustituto for into in the world real and speak with the people real &quot; , says .
=======
&quot; not there sustituto to into in the world real and speak with the people real &quot; , says .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; the research social is that is on what social - and a lot of what social still is outside of line . &quot;
&quot; cold and inhuman : anders behring breivik ago their first emergence public in the court
anders behring breivik , the man confesó be the brain of the two attacks killed to 77 people in norway this summer , has referred to itself same as a combatiente of the &quot; resistance &quot; for their first emergence public in the court of oslo .
&quot; i a commander military in the movement of resistance norwegian and in the gentlemen templarios of norway &quot; , said to a room full with 500 people .
&quot; i am the court , already received the mandate of the organisations support the ideology the hatred and because supports the multiculturalismo . &quot;
&quot; i the facts but not i adjourned guilty . &quot;
the judge torkjel nesheim was to breivik for that monólogo , because &quot; not wanted give to breivik the opportunity of use this hearing as a platform to that exprese their points of view &quot; .
the same reason refused to allow to breivik , brought a speech writing with early , invited to the relatives of their victims the end of the hearing .
nesheim also issued to the police keep to breivik under custody for 12 weeks more , you banned the access to the media of communication for four weeks , and said that the authorities should that have a narrower control on all the visits and the correspondencia for eight weeks .
around of 30 survivors and relatives of the victims were to the hearing .
some came with the hope of look to breivik to the eyes , others to confirm that is recluido under key .
all were with the aim of move to the conclusion .
&quot; thought that seemed cold and inhuman &quot; , said a superviviente of utoya to the outlet noruega nrk .
&quot; was awkward , but to me was a step forward after of see and hear to using . &quot;
reasonable with a suit dark and shirt blue , breivik remained calmado and professional to what long of the hearing and miró to the journalists and to the survivors to the eyes when been and went the building .
to despite of the strange notion of breivik of be part of a movement of &quot; resistance &quot; greater , the judge determinó that not is a country mental , and said that not there evidence of that act with cómplices .
is possible that to some them consuele that the attacks the 22 of july realise be labour of a extremista in place of a group of way .
but that not suaviza automatically the pain and the confusion that the a nation still feel .
&quot; i like that man a monster , but not seems &quot; , said a family of a victim .
&quot; would much more easy if what man . &quot;
<<<<<<< HEAD
7 lessons of the interview delayed of steve jobs , show in a theatre this week
after the death of steve jobs , the 5 of october , there some which what compararon with henry ford - distinguiendo at genie of the technology as the britain inventor moderno .
but what which the fan of apple could find more demonstrates , in a interview to jobs recently redescubierta to the which has desempolvado as embargo of a series of proyecciones special in the elderly markets this week , is how thinking this mind creativa about of the processes trade and flows of work of the products .
was doubt a leather , soñador and hippie autorreconocido , but also was a inflated meticuloso and a yonki of the diagramas of flow - a man which passed that many place sufrían &quot; a disease which is in think that a great idea is the 90 cent the work ... &#91; but &#93; there a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product . &quot;
in 1995 , bob cringely was developing the series of television the triumph of the nerds ( the triunfo of the idiotas ) on the albores the computer personal , and sit during more of a time with jobs for a can and rarely conversation .
=======
7 lessons of the interview up of steve jobs , are in a theatre this week
after the death of steve jobs , the 5 of october , there some what compararon with henry ford - distinguiendo at genie of the technology as the britain inventor moderno .
but what the fan of apple could find more demonstrates , in a interview to jobs recently redescubierta to the has desempolvado as train of a series of proyecciones special in the elderly markets this week , is how had this mind creativa about of the processes trade and flows of work of the products .
was doubt a leather , soñador and hippie autorreconocido , but also was a inflated meticuloso and a yonki of the diagramas of flow - a man passed that many place sufrían &quot; a disease is in think that a great idea is the 90 cent the work ... &#91; but &#93; there a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product . &quot;
in 1995 , bob cringely was developing the series of television the triumph of the nerds ( the triunfo of the idiotas ) on the albores the computer personal , and sit for more of a time with jobs to a can and rarely conversation .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
in that time had happened barely 10 years since that jobs had been forced to marcharse of apple , and already working hard in their new company informática next , waiting the adoption popular of internet .
while a small part of the interview of cringely used in nerds , said that the original of the interview dissolved for their transport .
was only after of the death of jobs found a copy full in vhs in the philips the director .
this material of inquiries , slightly reeditado , is the basis of steve jobs : the interview up , of 68 minutes , that is to the cines landmark this wednesday and thursday .
to someone known odiar the interviews in depth , jobs here seems surprisingly ready to run their philosophies tecnológicas and strategies trade .
and very pensativo .
in four points different to what long of the interview , there large silencios between the questions and the answers - of 10 to 15 seconds of reflexiones , where jobs is sopesando clearly their thoughts , for precision .
<<<<<<< HEAD
also there at in the which the perfeccionismo of jobs out to the surface , where seems impaciente because to the questions of cringely , empujándole to go more rápido towards the subjects or arguments of greater importance .
filmado before of the era of pixar , the ipod or the iphone , there something extrañamente profético in the interview delayed , when jobs evalúa what which is that other companies do well and wrong , and offers their own vision the future of the conclusion .
a thing is read assessments póstumas of the career of jobs , but there something crude and inspirador in the jobs that see here , the soñador ansioso the on of the greatness .
he has a vision of as can and must be the things .
not much after of explicarlo all with detail here , was and was .
a rapid short of seven secuencias significant of the interview delayed :
on how aprendió to to a business :
=======
also there at in the the perfeccionismo of jobs control to the surface , where seems impaciente because to the questions of cringely , empujándole to go more rápido to the subjects or arguments of greater importance .
filmado before of the era of pixar , the ipod or the iphone , there something extrañamente profético in the interview up , when jobs evalúa what is that other companies do well and , and offers their own vision the future of the conclusion .
a thing is read assessments póstumas of the career of jobs , but there something crude and inspirador in the jobs that see here , the soñador ansioso on of the greatness .
he has a vision of as can and must be the things .
not much after of explicarlo all with detail here , was and was .
a rapid short of seven secuencias significant of the interview up :
on how aprendió to carry a business :
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; to what long of the years in the business , i always he : &quot; &quot; ¿ what described things ? &quot; and the answers that you are of way invariable are : &quot; oh , that is only the way as ago &quot; .
nobody know what ago what ago , in the business nobody think in the things very deeply .
that is what found .
jobs has the detail their efforts to simplify the accounting of apple .
desconcertado the way in registraban the costs - to often beginning with a &quot; cost standard &quot; was to eye of good cubero , and that then make with a &quot; one &quot; - developed a factory automatizada aseguraba that could determine the costs trade detail .
on the joke the pope :
jobs narra the &quot; box blue &quot; he same was with steve wozniak - a recording did to the people hackear effectively the company telephone and do llamadas to long distance free .
has written widely about the recording , but the euphoria of jobs here the prescribed the box blue as a act of empoderamiento is contagioso .
describes how he and wozniak probaron the box by the use of a telephone public , doing a call , and then conectándose since a network of at &amp; ts to one , while creaba a bucle with the greater amount of satellite possible .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; were envolviendo the things around the world a average dozen of sometimes and gritabas to through the telephone public and heard a minute more later the telephone public of the door of the hand &quot; , says jobs with a risita .
&quot; we young and what which did was that we build something us ourselves which could control thousands of million of dollars in infrastructure in all the world . &quot;
us two , not knew much , but we build a thing small which could control a thing giant - was a lesson incredible , and not i that never would been apple it .
jobs continues describiendo a joke gloriosa which he and wozniak almost kept , llamando the vatican to through of the box blue in half of the night and requesting speak with the pope , while was their best imitation of henry kissinger .
to measure that several member of the hierarchy catholic were convocados in half of the night for speak with the diplomatic us , the two estallaron in carcajadas just before of that the mismísimo pope would reawakened for go to answer the telephone .
on enamorarse of the technology ( and the sale telephone with philips hewlett ) :
to the age of 12 years , to the hunting of parts of spare for build a contador of often , at to philips hewlett in the guide telephone and you was a call .
=======
&quot; were envolviendo the things around the world a average dozen of times and gritabas to through the telephone public and heard a minute more later telephone public of the door of the hand &quot; , says jobs with a risita .
&quot; we people and what did was that cannot build something us ourselves could control thousands of million of dollars in infrastructure in all the world . &quot;
us two , not knew much , but cannot build a thing small could control a thing giant - was a lesson incredible , and not i that never would been apple she .
jobs continues describiendo a joke gloriosa he and wozniak almost kept , llamando vatican to through of the box blue in half of the night and requesting speak with the pope , while was their best imitation of henry kissinger .
to measure that several member of the hierarchy catholic were convocados in half of the night to speak with the diplomatic us , the two estallaron in carcajadas just before of that the mismísimo pope would reawakened to go to answer the telephone .
on enamorarse of the technology ( and the sale telephone with philips hewlett ) :
to the age of 12 years , to the hunting of parts of spare to build a contador of often , at to philips hewlett in the guide telephone and you was a call .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
little after of their conversation telephone of 20 minutes , jobs managed a employment of summer to time this in hewlett-packard .
&quot; that was a remarkable influence on me , was the only company had seen to age and formed my vision of what was a company and well that trataban to their employees . &quot;
jobs became after in one of the employees of hp that they the laboratories of research of the company in palo high , where was &quot; the first computer of table never has &quot; .
was so large as a sprinkler , had a small screen of tubo catódico , and i enamoré of he .
conseguiría a journey to hp as girl and lose the time with machine and escribiría programmes to she .
on improvisar the innovation :
in several points of the interview , jobs about about of reinvent new products on the .
<<<<<<< HEAD
soon in their career , already which he to sell a handful of numberplates basis , you asked a client if could did all the team .
=======
soon in their career , already dedicated to sell a handful of numberplates basis , you asked a client if could did all the team .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
working with only 30 days of credit , had that abused the montaje and the over of the equipment acabados .
more later , while was in apple , reminds the earlier to the faced in the development of a ratón of computer :
&quot; i agreement of have arguments dramatic ... i gritaban that be five years &#91; to create a ratón costaría 300 dollars &#93; , and i harté and i i outside and found a leather .
noventa days after , had a ratón cannot build 15 dollars and was completely reliable .
on the large companies losing force :
much before of that liderara the you of apple , jobs proféticamente foresaw the way in that many leaders of the industry tropezarían in their vision , and perderían the control of their share of market .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; pietro which trabajas in ibm or xerox , what which described fotocopiadoras and impresoras best , ¿ and what ? &quot;
you has the monopoly of the share of market , what which the company not has more success .
the departments of sales and marketing increase the success , what which are this class of people the which end to companies and the people peacekeepers of the products are expulsadas the forum for the process of decisions .
the genie of the products which was to that position of monopoly pudre fault of people which not have the notion of good products vs bad products - the knowledge the profession necessary .
that is what which happened in xerox ...
xerox could have adueñado of all the industry informática .
could have been ten sometimes their size , could have been the microsoft of the years 90 ...
=======
&quot; di trabajas in ibm or xerox , what described fotocopiadoras and impresoras best , ¿ and what ? &quot;
you has the monopoly of the share of market , what the company not has more success .
the departments of sales and marketing increase the success , what are this class of people the end be companies and the people spreading of the products are expulsadas the forum to the process of decisions .
the genie of the products was to position of monopoly pudre fault of people not have the notion of good products vs bad products - the knowledge the profession necessary .
that is what happened in xerox ...
xerox could have adueñado of the the industry informática .
could have been ten times their size , could have been the microsoft of the years 90 ...
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
were the defeat of the victory .
on the innovation as expression artistic :
&quot; there a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product ... to measure evoluciona the great idea , change and overall . &quot;
learns much about of the sutilezas of the same .
there sacrifices have that do - some things not saying do that do the electrones , the glass ago , the robots do , the factories do .
have that keep 5000 things in your brain - these concepts - ajustarlos all to the time ...
the final all reduces will - rebaja to try exponerte to what best a team of human has done , and then try of adjust these things to the your you doing .
pablo said that the good artists copied , the large artists roban .
<<<<<<< HEAD
never we had shame about of steal large ideas .
what which in part was large the macintosh was that the people which were working in he were musicians , poetas , artists , zoólogos , historians , which incidentally were the best scientists computer the world .
if not would the conclusion , could be doing things maravillosas in other camps .
scalia and he cenan with the rivales of the law of assistance health while the court accept the case
the day which the court by met to door closed for at the question politically controversial of if aceptarían the challenge to the law of assistance health the president obama , two of their officers , antonin scalia and clarence he , were agasajados in a dinner patrocinada the signing of lawyers which expondrá the case to the high court .
the occasion was the last thursday , when the nine judges met in a hearing preliminary for to which the petitions of review .
one of the cases in question was a demand such 26 states seized the reform total of the assistance health adopted the congress the year last , a law which has been a out of war for the activists conservative in all the country .
the officers acordaron admit to exercise the demand and , of fact , expected a plea historic of 5 hours and average for march , and the result probably enturbiará still more the career presidential of 2012 , which will in full of in the time in which the decision the court knows .
the lawyer which comparecerá to the court and alegará that the law must be desechada will probably paul clement , who was as prosecutor general of ee.uu. during the government of orwell w. bush .
the signing of lawyers of clement , bancroft pllc , was one of the almost two dozens of companies which ayudaron to patrocinar the dinner annual of the society federalista , a group which has many years dedicated to the defence of the principles legal conservative .
another signing which patrocinó the dinner , jones day , represents to one of the associations trade which desafió the law , the federation national of business aura .
another patrocinador was the gigante farmacéutico pfizer inc . , that has a huge interest financial in the result the dispute .
the dinner took in a hotel of washington , hours after of the hearing preliminary the court on the case .
between the assistants was , between others , mitch mcconnell , the republicano more important in the senate and a opponent undeclared of the law of assistance health .
¿ the invited special in the dinner ? scalia and he .
not is nothing new : the two judges have been witnessing to events of the society federal during years .
and not is something which take in conflict with the rules ethical .
of done , the judges are exentos the code of behaviour which applied the actions of the officers federal lower .
if not they , could said that caerían under the code canon 4c , which says : &quot; a judge can attend to events for custom funds of organisations relating with the law and others , although the judge not can be a speaker , a invitado of honour , or put in the programme of as event . &quot;
however , the proximidad absolute of scalia and he to two of the bufetes of lawyers in the case , as to a company with a huge interest financial , was enough for alarmar to the activists of ethics in the government .
&quot; this impressive gap of the ethics and fighters towards the code will in against of the demands of several officers which playing the court the same rules which apply to all the judges federal &quot; , said bob morin , the president of common cause ( cause common ) .
&quot; the judges were agasajados in a revenues of funds of and with lawyers which have cases outstanding to the court . &quot;
their emergence and assistance in the revenues of funds for this event socava any demand of sucrose , and is unacceptable .
scalia and he have shown little interest the criticisms which say that mezclan too easily the activity the court with the agenda impulsada groups as the society federalista .
and the wife of he , ginni , is a excel february conservative .
another part , the conservatives argue that is the magistrada widow kagan , the which has a problem ethical , not scalia and he .
kagan worked as procuradora general of the administration obama when tabled the first challenges legal to the law in the court of first instance .
their critics have put for that kagan renewing of see the case , saying that was too involucrada in defend the law as for now be impartial .
=======
never have had shame about of steal large ideas .
what in part was large the macintosh was that the people were working in he were musicians , poetas , artists , zoólogos , historians , incidentally were the best scientists fundamental the world .
if not would the conclusion , could be doing things maravillosas in other camps .
scalia and case cenan with the rivales of the law of assistance health while the court accept the case
the day the court by met to door closed to look the question politically controversial of if aceptarían the challenge to the law of assistance health the president obama , two of their officers , antonin scalia and clarence case , were agasajados in a dinner patrocinada the signing of lawyers expondrá the case to the high court .
the occasion was the last thursday , when the nine judges met in a hearing preliminary to look which the petitions of review .
one of the cases in question was a demand such 26 states seized the reform total of the assistance health adopted the congress the year last , a law has been a out of war to the activists conservative in all the country .
the officers acordaron admit to exercise the demand and , of fact , expected a plea historic of 5 hours and average to march , and the result probably enturbiará still more the career presidential of 2012 , will in full back in the time in the decision the court knows .
the lawyer comparecerá to the court and alegará that the law must be desechada will probably paul clement , who was as prosecutor general of ee.uu. for the government of orwell w. bush .
the signing of lawyers of clement , bancroft pllc , was one of the almost two dozens of companies ayudaron to patrocinar the dinner annual of the society federalista , a group has many years dedicated to the defence of the principles legal conservative .
another signing patrocinó the dinner , jones day , represents to one of the associations trade desafió the law , the federation national of business aura .
another patrocinador was the gigante farmacéutico pfizer inc . , that has a huge interest financial in the result the dispute .
the dinner took in a hotel of washington , hours after of the hearing preliminary the court on the case .
between the assistants was , between others , mitch mcconnell , the republicano more important in the senate and a opponent undeclared of the law of assistance health .
¿ the invited special in the dinner ? scalia and case .
not is nothing new : the two judges have been witnessing to events of the society federal for years .
and not is something take in conflict with the rules ethical .
of done , the judges are exentos the code of behaviour applied the actions of the officers federal lower .
if not recognised , could said that caerían under the code canon 4c , says : &quot; a judge can attend to events to have funds of organisations relating with the law and others , although the judge not can be a speaker , a invitado of honour , or put in the programme of event . &quot;
however , the proximidad absolute of scalia and case to two of the bufetes of lawyers in the case , as to a company with a huge interest financial , was enough to alarmar to the activists of ethics in the government .
&quot; this impressive gap of the ethics and indifference to the code is in against of the demands of several officers playing the court the same rules apply to all the judges federal &quot; , said bob morin , the president of common cause ( cause common ) .
&quot; the judges were agasajados in a revenues of funds of and with lawyers have cases outstanding to the court . &quot;
their emergence and assistance in the revenues of funds to this event socava any demand of sucrose , and is unacceptable .
scalia and case have shown little interest the criticisms say that mezclan too easily the activity the court with the agenda impulsada groups as the society federalista .
and the wife of case , ginni , is a by already conservative .
another part , the conservatives argue that is the magistrada widow kagan , the has a problem ethical , not scalia and case .
kagan worked as procuradora general of the administration obama when tabled the first challenges legal to the law in the court of first instance .
their critics have put to that kagan renewing of see the case , saying that was too involucrada in defend the law as to now be neutral .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
kagan not has given no indication of that will to do .
boeing receives a they record of 18 billion million of dollars
the aerolínea emirates calls 50 planes of double sunlight boeing 777 , with option to 20 more .
boeing also sold six planes boeing dreamliner to oman air , a operation valued in more of billion million of dollars .
rarely time is news when a company provide a they of 50 units of their product .
but is a great compromise when the company is the manufacturer of planes boeing co. and the price of sale to the 50 planes amounts to a record of 18 billion million of dollars .
is so large as the place of where boeing received the order : east average , a yanacocha of gold in growth of future orders of planes .
in a study case to know the monday , the company of chicago estimated that for the next 20 years the airlines in east average will 2.520 planes value 450 billion million of dollars .
boeing announced for the end of week their they more large of the history to planes trade their value in dollars - 50 jets boing 777 of double sunlight .
the exitoso they wine of the aerolínea emirates in dubái .
the aerolínea also has a option to buy 20 planes more , what rise the price of sale total to 26 billion million of dollars , announced boeing in the scrum aeronáutico of dubái 2011 .
then , the monday , boeing said that oman air had asked six boeing 787-8s , the called dreamliner , defeating of a savings of fuel and a services to passengers such .
the price of sale to at of them is more of billion million of dollars .
&quot; this has clearly a huge effect positive to boeing &quot; , said the superiors of morningstar neal dihora .
&quot; the quality of these customers in particular is very strong . &quot;
<<<<<<< HEAD
many airlines of east the are property of their nations productoras of oil .
what therefore , not only have the money for pay the planes , but which a increase in the prices the fuel - what general harmful for the lines airlines , because is one of the elderly costs - not is so harmful , because the country is gaining money with the increase the price the oil .
that is important because have least back which other airlines of cancel or delay the orders of flight when the prices the fuel increase , said dihora .
=======
many airlines of east average are property of their nations productoras of oil .
what therefore , not only have the money to pay the planes , but a increase in the prices the fuel - what general harmful to the lines airlines , because is one of the elderly costs - not is so harmful , because the country is gaining money with the increase the price the oil .
that is important because have least degree other airlines of cancel or delay the orders of flight when the prices the fuel increase , said dihora .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; have a protection natural &quot; , said .
the they of the emiratos solidifica the leadership of boeing in the market of planes of fuselaje ancho and aid to keep to raya the attempt of their competidor airbus sas of invade their dominance with the air of passengers a350 .
the victory of boeing in the fair the air is four months after of that airbus i that was to delay the debut the more large a350 , competing directly with the 777-300er .
was the debut to add more momentum after of that the customers exigieran a increase of the burden useful and the they .
the actions of boeing co subieron a 1,5 % even 67,94 dollars .
the sister the president of mexico , at appear derrotada in the vote of michoacán
<<<<<<< HEAD
luisa maría calderón says that the author ayudaron to their oponente the pri , fausto vallejo , in the contienda for governor .
the sister the president felipe calderón seems have lost their candidacy to gobernadora of michoacán during the elections the as state , and it said the monday that the author ayudaron to take the career in favour of one of their opponents .
the results hypothetical was the delantera in the career for governor the state western to fausto vallejo , the party revolucionario institucional , or pri .
&quot; the intervention the crime organised during all the process electoral and , on all personage , is alarming , not only for michoacán , but for all the country &quot; , said luisa maría calderón in a interview of radio a day after of the vote the sunday .
&quot; threatened to our candidates , to our workers election ... apoderaron of the ballot , instalaron barricadas ... and maintained to the people which votara &quot; to favour the pri .
the pri period mexico during seven decades to which lost the presidency in 2000 .
however , is the at in scene of a return , and the victory in michoacán is a step important in that effort .
the pri has the hope of earn the elections presidential in july .
vallejo seems have overcome little for to calderón , who had by the surveys before of the elections .
=======
luisa maría calderón says that the author ayudaron to their oponente the pri , fausto vallejo , in the contienda to governor .
the sister the president felipe calderón seems have lost their candidacy to gobernadora of michoacán for the elections the as state , and she said the monday that the author ayudaron to take the career in favour of one of their opponents .
the results hypothetical was the delantera in the career to governor the state western to fausto vallejo , the party revolucionario institucional , or pri .
&quot; the intervention the crime organised for all the process electoral and , on all inspiration , is alarming , not only to michoacán , but to all the country &quot; , said luisa maría calderón in a interview of radio a day after of the vote the sunday .
&quot; threatened to our candidates , to our workers election ... apoderaron of the ballot , instalaron barricadas ... and maintained to the people votara &quot; to favour the pri .
the pri revitalised mexico for seven decades to lost the presidency in 2000 .
however , is the at in scene of a return , and the victory in michoacán is a step important in that effort .
the pri has the hope of win the elections presidential in july .
vallejo seems have have little margin to calderón , who had by the surveys before of the elections .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
calderón , a candidate the conservative party of action national of their brother , or bread , refused to recognise to vallejo as the winner .
silvano aureoles , the candidate of left the party revolution democratic , or prd , currently is the office of governor , became in third place , a great defeat to the left certain and desafortunada before of the elections presidential of 2012 .
aureoles also refused to recognise the results hypothetical .
<<<<<<< HEAD
vallejo , exalcalde of the capital the state of morelia , refused links with the wishes and resume to the other candidates to accept the results .
michoacán has been during a time by which of the drugs specialised in marijuana , heroin and metanfetaminas .
is the state home the president calderón , and he was michoacán for launch a attack military intended against the traffickers in december of 2006 .
=======
vallejo , exalcalde of the capital the state of morelia , refused ties with the wishes and resume to the other candidates to accept the results .
michoacán has been for a time by which of the drugs amongst in marijuana , heroin and metanfetaminas .
is the state home the president calderón , and he was michoacán to launch a attack military intended against the traffickers in december of 2006 .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
however the violence has persistido .
a mayor the bread was murdered a week before of the elections while was campaign luisa maría calderón , and many candidates abandoned the candidaturas local fear .
although to the pri , unpleasant that realise the elections of michoacán , a victory will to promote the party .
the man is represent the pri in the elections presidential , widow peña grandson , talking since washington , felicitó to vallejo and said : &quot; i that this victory should be very alentadora , of face next year &quot; .
the basd encouraged to asia to help to rescue to the eurozona
<<<<<<< HEAD
the bank south of development ( basd ) has done a appeal to india and to china for that preparen for help to rescue to the eurozona of their crisis of debt sovereign for avoid a recession to long term which rushing the growth of the economies asiáticas .
rajat nag , director general the bank south of development with headquarters in manila , said that the two large economies of growth more rapid the world had that &quot; do all what possible &quot; for speed the recovery the bloc economic already outside to through the fund monetary international or directly to through of agreements bilateral .
warned against the bric &#91; brazil , russia , india , china &#93; countries which there the difficulties of europe of a way &quot; impartial &quot; and said that the assistance financial of asia with with the leadership and resources european ayudarían to avoid a crisis to long term in the economy global .
&quot; are all together in this . &quot;
&quot; which who which can help to europe to get of the crisis is useful &quot; , said the financial times in a interview in the framework the forum economic world in bombay .
&quot; asia can be protegida in certain measure , but not can be gradual . &quot;
&quot; which if china and india can help , that be all the media . &quot;
the union monetary european has seen severely undermined a crisis of debt sovereign in the last months .
in the last days , the costs of indebtedness of italy have bells peligrosamente and the first ministers of italy and greece have dimitido .
the current crisis of the debt sovereign in europe has increased the fears of which could force to the economy world to the recession and has led on for that the main economies emerging join for help to the eurozona to find a solution .
the mr nag predicted that any support of asia canalizaría to through the imf , but said that the assistance bilateral - as the buying of the bonds the fund of rescue of the eu , the fund european of stability financial - defend a greater power of negotiating for the partners asian of europe .
anand sharma , minister indian of trade , said that &quot; the india will to do all what possible &quot; for help to the eurozona already which their own economy now was suffering the fall of the exports and the advent of the tickets of capital abroad .
&quot; nobody want that the eurozona sure being inestable and turbulenta &quot; , said .
&quot; we challenges monumentales and we that keep a high level of growth . &quot;
&quot; not is a option , is a imperativo , because ¿ where we employment for tens of million of our young men and women . &quot;
=======
the bank south of development ( basd ) has done a appeal to india and to china to that preparen to help to rescue to the eurozona of their crisis of debt sovereign to avoid a recession to long term rushing the growth of the economies asiáticas .
rajat nag , director general the bank south of development with headquarters in manila , said that the two large economies of growth more rapid the world had that &quot; do all what possible &quot; to speed the recovery the bloc economic already outside to through the fund monetary international or directly to through of agreements bilateral .
warned against the bric &#91; brazil , russia , india , china &#93; countries there the difficulties of europe of a way &quot; neutral &quot; and said that the assistance financial of asia with with the leadership and resources european ayudarían to avoid a crisis to long term in the economy global .
&quot; are all together in this . &quot;
&quot; who can help to europe to get of the crisis is useful &quot; , said the financial times in a interview in the framework the forum economic world in bombay .
&quot; asia can be protegida in a measure , but not can be gradual . &quot;
&quot; if china and india can help , that be all the media . &quot;
the union monetary european has seen severely through a crisis of debt sovereign in the last months .
in the last days , the costs of indebtedness of italy have caused peligrosamente and the first ministers of italy and greece have dimitido .
the current crisis of the debt sovereign in europe has increased the fears of could force to the economy global to the recession and has led on to that the main economies emerging join to help to the eurozona to find a solution .
the mr nag predicted that any support of asia canalizaría to through the imf , but said that the assistance bilateral - as the shopping of the bonds the fund of rescue of the eu , the fund european of stability financial - defend a greater power of negotiations to the partners asian of europe .
anand sharma , minister indian of trade , said that &quot; the india is to do all what possible &quot; to help to the eurozona already their own economy now was suffering the fall of the exports and the advent of the tickets of capital abroad .
&quot; nobody want that the eurozona followed being inestable and turbulenta &quot; , said .
&quot; have challenges monumentales and have that keep a high level of growth . &quot;
&quot; not is a option , is a imperativo , because ¿ where are employment to tens of million of our young men and women . &quot;
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
others argue that the economies in development as india not have responsibility in help to the europeans rich when face to their themselves and profound problems economic .
ashutosh varshney , professor of the university of brown in the ee.uu. , said that would politically very difficult sell the aid to europe to the billion million doscientas thousand people of the india , of the which to 800 million live with closely of 2 dollars day or least .
&quot; in some time ending account of that the greeks jubilan to the age of 50 years and will of holiday to the beaches and that not caerá well &quot; , said .
yew howell , director workforce the forum economic world , also asked what the reserves of the india be use to keep to the many and well political workers the sector public greek , in jobs of work of companies administradas , and generadoras of losses as the railways .
the mr nag said that the crisis of the eurozona threatens with &quot; important effects in chain &quot; the asia .
the present the bank south of development the 7,5 cent of growth economic in asia to 2011 / 12 facing now to the &quot; risks to the low &quot; because to the threat of europe .
said that the vulnerable markets emerging abolished do &quot; plans of contingencia &quot; to shield of a crisis and meaningful through of capital of their economies .
serious avisos the pentagon about of the possible cuts in defence
<<<<<<< HEAD
the secretary of defence , was panetta , calentó the congress the monday , advirtiendo that the cuts bad of budget which avecinan could undermining the security national and cause a reaction financial in chain since the corridors the pentagon , to the camps of battle of afghanistan , to the chains of montaje civil .
the pentagon already is digiriendo the 450 billion million of dollars of sides to what long of the next the , but now afraid a reduction additional of 600 billion million or more in cuts which can be imminent if the congress not manages to to a agreement on the expenditure .
&quot; the impact of these cuts would devastating for the department &quot; , said panetta in a letter to the senadores john mccain , republicano arizona , and lindsey graham , republicano carolina the south .
said that the failure the congress for to to a agreement on the budget and their result , the called &quot; hostages &quot; , give place to a 23 cent of sides global and a high to many projects new .
&quot; a cut so large , ratified of this way indiscriminada , would that the greater part of our projects naval and of construction not be plans - not can buy three cuartas parties of a ship or a building - and clean seriously other efforts of modernisation &quot; , wrote panetta to the senadores .
&quot; also we veríamos forced to apartar to many of our officials civil of way involuntaria and , because to that the reduction impondría with so quickly , is almost safe that we that licenciar civil with the end of to the aim . &quot;
&quot; these changes romperían the faith with those which are our army and dañarían seriously the good available . &quot;
=======
the secretary of defence , lion panetta , calentó the congress the monday , advirtiendo that the cuts bad of budget avecinan could undermining the security national and cause a reaction financial in chain since the corridors the pentagon , to the camps of battle of afghanistan , to the chains of montaje civil .
the pentagon already is digiriendo the 450 billion million of dollars of sides to what long of the next the , but now afraid a reduction additional of 600 billion million or more in cuts can be imminent if the congress not manages come to a agreement on the expenditure .
&quot; the impact of these cuts would mention to the department &quot; , said panetta in a letter to the senadores john mccain , republicano arizona , and lindsey graham , republicano carolina the south .
said that the failure the congress to come to a agreement on the budget and their result , the called &quot; hostages &quot; , give place to a 23 cent of sides global and a high to many projects new .
&quot; a cut so large , implemented of this way indiscriminada , would that the greater part of our projects naval and of construction not be plans - not can buy three cuartas parties of a ship or a building - and damage seriously other efforts of modernisation &quot; , wrote panetta to the senadores .
&quot; also we veríamos forced to apartar to many of our officials civil of way involuntaria and , because to that the reduction impondría with so quickly , is almost safe that we that licenciar civil with the end of comply the aim . &quot;
&quot; these changes romperían the faith with those are our army and dañarían seriously the good available . &quot;
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the cuts with the time alcanzarían to the troops of combat , said panetta .
&quot; if well the funding to times of war in the accounts of operations of contingencia in perform not is directly affected the hostages , the efforts of the war would those adversely the serious disorders in the budgets of basis &quot; , warned panetta .
&quot; the procurement of staff reduciría , what would to delays in the contracts and the supervision the contract that supports the war . &quot;
&quot; the staff in nómina reduciría , giving place to delays in the payments to the suppliers in time of war , and the support legal and political would cut . &quot;
the two senadores had written to panetta ago 10 days , asking information on the possible impact of the cuts bad in the department of defence .
&quot; the result of a hostages in the department of defence would a rapid decline of the states united as main power military the world . &quot;
&quot; are strongly in against of this action draconiana &quot; , said the senadores in a release joint the afternoon the monday when publicaron the letter of panetta .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; east not is a result with the which can live , and certainly not is one which we imponernos to us ourselves . &quot;
&quot; the hostages is a threat for the interests of the security national of the states united , and not must allow that happen . &quot;
if the letter of panetta and the recent warnings of the senadores will the pressure for a compromise budgetary or step the llamadas for eximir the pentagon of the cuts is see .
panetta has been every time more very on the possible cuts , to despite of that came to a work in the top the pentagon with years of experience in budgets in the congress and the home white and sabiendo that enfrentaba to decisions difficult .
in a conference of press week last , the secretary of defence pintó a picture sombre of what which could be ahead - a army with a concha , but not a nucleus .
&quot; is a ship sailors . &quot;
&quot; is a brigade balas . &quot;
&quot; is a back airline sufficient pilots entrenados . &quot;
&quot; is a tiger of role , a army of cuarteles , buildings and bombs sufficient soldiers public for to the mission &quot; , said panetta in their words of opening in the pentagon .
&quot; is a force which suffering the involved moral , the preparation inadequate and not is capable of chips the day with the potential adversaries . &quot;
&quot; in effect , foot to the aggression ... &quot;
in a apéndice to their letters to mccain and graham , panetta enuncia new details of how the sides &quot; generate important risks operational : too in the time of answer to the crisis , conflicts and disasters ; limited severamente our capacity of be you and illicit is in all the world ; and is a risk unacceptable in future operations of combat . &quot;
and panetta said that some of the elderly projects of defence could with the hacha , including those which already are probando and some only in the first stages of the planning .
that list includes the air of combat f35 ventures strike fighter , a new bombardero to , the submarino balístico of new generation , the new ship of combat coasts and the new vehicles of combat in land which the army and the marina need replace , the humvee .
stop the development and the evidence additional the f35 could generate a 80 billion million of dollars in savings to what long of 10 years , but their who say that is the next step vital for improve and with the threats potential of china and other rivales .
=======
&quot; east not is a result with the can live , and certainly not is one should imponernos to us ourselves . &quot;
&quot; the hostages is a threat to the interests of the security national of the states united , and not must allow that happen . &quot;
if the letter of panetta and the recent warnings of the senadores will the pressure to a compromise budgetary or step the llamadas to eximir the pentagon of the cuts is see .
panetta has been every time more very on the possible cuts , to despite of that was to a work in the top the pentagon with years of experience in budgets in the congress and the home white and sabiendo that enfrentaba to decisions difficult .
in a conference of press it week last , the secretary of defence pintó a picture sombre of what could be ahead - a army with a concha , but not a nucleus .
&quot; is a ship sailors . &quot;
&quot; is a brigade balas . &quot;
&quot; is a back airline sufficient pilots entrenados . &quot;
&quot; is a tiger of role , a army of cuarteles , buildings and bombs sufficient soldiers public to comply the mission &quot; , said panetta in their words of openness in the pentagon .
&quot; is a force suffering the lower moral , the preparation inadequate and not is capable of chips day with the potential adversaries . &quot;
&quot; in effect , foot to the aggression ... &quot;
in a apéndice to their letters to mccain and graham , panetta enuncia new details of how the sides &quot; generate important risks operational : delay in the time of answer to the crisis , conflicts and disasters ; limited severamente our capacity of be you and illicit away in all the world ; and is a risk unacceptable in future operations of combat . &quot;
and panetta said that some of the elderly projects of defence could deal the hacha , including those already are probando and some only in the first stages of the planning .
that list includes the air of combat f35 ventures strike fighter , a new bombardero to , the submarino balístico of new generation , the new ship of combat coasts and the new vehicles of combat in land the army and the marina need replace , the humvee .
stop the development and the evidence additional the f35 could generate a 80 billion million of dollars in savings to what long of 10 years , but their who say that is the next step vital to improve and deal the threats potential of china and other rivales .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
as detect a lie
a issue to the headlines more recent we could med serious and curse are the deception and the lie in the life daily .
the candidate presidential republicano herman cain is occupied intercambiando accusations of harassment sexual with several women ; every part accused of lie to the one .
the administrators of the university state of pennsylvania have been being of perjurio supposed conceal reports were that a you of football retirado was agrediendo sexually to children .
the week last , the president french , santa sarkozy , was &quot; pillado &quot; with a microphone open saying president of ee.uu. , barack obama , the first minister israeli benjamin netanyahu is a weak .
lie has destroyed things and convulsionado countries .
the congresista new york and exhibicionista in internet , anthony weiner , was the ourselves with their desmentidos quickly rebatidos the test irrefutable .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the former candidate presidential john edwards has been he of breaches in the funding of the campaign relating with the encubrimiento of a relationship extramatrimonial .
and , of new , nobody which viviera olvidará never the circus mediático gazan the president philips clinton the lie during their second mandate about of their relationship sexual with mónica lewinsky .
=======
the former candidate presidential john edwards has been accused of breaches in the funding of the campaign relating with the encubrimiento of a relationship extramatrimonial .
and , of new , nobody viviera olvidará never the circus mediático gazan the president philips clinton the lie for their second mandate about of their relationship sexual with mónica lewinsky .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
are very extendidas the myths on the traps in the examinations of the school and the university .
have given cases in the the teachers have given the answers of the examinations to the students with the end of be better independent in their assessments of performance .
mentores should be enseñando otherwise are sending the message of that lie and is are acceptable .
¿ how deception we are ?
in a day who , the studies are that you can lie in any place of 10 to 200 times .
that safe , many of these lies are lies piadosas .
another study was that the issue mentían three times in the first 10 minutes of conocerse .
detect lies , or &quot; the traceability of lies &quot; , is a nicklaus essential must acquire all , reasons therefore personal as occupational .
far of be a game of table similar to , example , charada , where the aim is exclamar : &quot; you have &quot; , the detection the deception is a offshoot the knowledge serious based in data scientific bad for the last six decades in prestigiosas universities held projects of research in depth , especially in psicología and fisiología .
one of the results of the research is that the old mitos about of the lie have been rebatidos .
the mentirosos itself watching to the eyes .
not always tartamudean , balbucean , ruborizan or inquietan .
not can conclude not that the mentirosos are difficult of detect or unmasked .
a detector of lies late can come to the truth teach about of the structure of the declaration , the expresiones microfaciales , the training of questions and the times .
had several years sondeando the descubrimientos scientific on the deception in the spectre and always potential body the knowledge , and was clear that the detection the deception is a techniques modern is easy of learn and aid to steer our complex world - especially if their responsibilities occupational include the procurement , interviews , or the management of negotiations .
the good mentirosos have the nicklaus of read well to the others , haciéndoles feel to will , manejando their own emotion and sintiendo of way intuitiva how the were the others .
know the research extrovertidos mienten more the introvertidos , the men say more &quot; lies global to itself same &quot; , while the women say more lies &quot; global to the other &quot; -- normally to protect feelings of someone -- the people married mienten least emotionally to their partners that the people not are married ( but the lies usually say tend to be &quot; enormous &quot; ) .
also know that if you is noted as a malhechor , the others sentirán least culprits the mentirle .
¿ how know if someone is mintiendo ?
<<<<<<< HEAD
first , variation the behaviour her the inappropriate .
this is &quot; create a line of basis &quot; .
aid to provide points of reference for measure after the changes .
variation the position the sujeto , risa and característica blues .
is better which will if someone normally golpetea with the ordinary all the time for not do accusations upon when you see the feet golpeteando in half of the meeting .
to continuation , busque groups of behaviour dull , verbales and not verbales .
states to these groups of behaviour as signals of alarm , not as test of deception .
the people which dupe can freeze the part higher the body the try of remember their history , can emphasized their feet towards the door , inclinarse towards a exit , change their position of way significantly or exhibir a &quot; desahogo postentrevista &quot; -- that evil suspiro of alivio and change of position a time that all the questions difficult have over .
to often the interrogadores do see falsamente that the interview has over only for seek that alivio postentrevista .
also giving attention the vocabulary the inappropriate .
ayr peterson metió the pata to the fund and usó the time last while regarding that their wife owe was viva , lanzando a search of it to level national .
the people which dupe also can use a language distanciador : &quot; not i relations sexual with that woman ... the señorita lewinsky &quot; or repeat a question difficult fully .
=======
first , will the behaviour customary the inappropriate .
this is &quot; create a line of basis &quot; .
aid to provide points of reference to measure after the changes .
will the position the sujeto , risa and característica showed .
is better will if someone normally golpetea with the ordinary all the time to not do accusations unfair when you see the feet golpeteando in half of the meeting .
to continuation , busque groups of behaviour dull , verbales and not verbales .
states to these groups of behaviour as signals of alarm , not as test of deception .
the people dupe can freeze the part higher the body try of remember their history , can emphasized their feet to the door , inclinarse to a exit , change their position of way significant or exhibir a &quot; desahogo postentrevista &quot; -- that evil suspiro of alivio and change of position a time that all the questions difficult have is .
to often the interrogadores do see falsamente that the interview has is only to seek that alivio postentrevista .
also giving attention the vocabulary the inappropriate .
ayr peterson metió the pata to the fund and usó the time last while regarding that their wife owe was viva , lanzando a search of she to level national .
the people dupe also can use a language distanciador : &quot; not had relations sexual with woman ... the señorita lewinsky &quot; or repeat a question difficult fully .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the indicators verbales more comunes are sutiles .
someone can use a lot of &quot; language restrictive &quot; when says to a question difficult : &quot; good ... to say truth ... to what i ... to my understand . &quot;
this ago that the answer be a percepción in place of a fact and is to often a signal of warning .
not there no formula mágica to detect lies , but develop skills to be the deception is possible .
these skills will the possibilities of who to avoid be victimizados the artists of the mischief in their lives occupational and personal .
the controversial plan the oleoducto desviado after the threat the delay of ee.uu. in their adoption
days after of that the administration of obama amenazara with delay the adoption of a oleoducto planned since canada to the gulf of mexico -- enfureciendo to the trade , while apaciguaba to the ecologistas -- the company seeking build the oleoducto says that is ready to redirigir the project to return to encaminarlo .
transcanada said the monday the night moverá the oleoducto planned would the area environmentally sensitive of sandhills in nebraska , and is in that the project are the adoption .
the company announced the decision in the conference of press in the capitolio of nebraska .
the directivo of transcanada , alex pourbax , says that the company is their confidence in with the time the oleoducto be approved , if well is true that with a route different .
this next after the announcement the week last part the department of state of that retrasarían the decision a permit federal to the project to that estudien new routes potential eviten the areas of sandhills of nebraska and the acuífero ogallala , a spectre supply of water unofficial .
&quot; this is a real way of progress &quot; , said the representative yew terry , republicano of nebraska , to fox news .
the new review environmental ordenada the department of state is possible that apart any decision to 2013 , after of the elections the next year , although the officials refused that the policy as envuelta in the decision .
obama , in a declaration written the week last , described the decision as the request the department of state , and them expressed all their support .
the oleoducto , of 1.700 kilometres extendería since canada to the gulf of mexico .
would 700.000 barrels day of the province of alberta to the refineries in texas .
to , would necessary that cruzara six states .
is odiado the ecologistas , but amado the groups of work , have apostado the estimate of 20.000 jobs of work individual the oleoducto .
but the legislators of nebraska opuestos the plan are sopesando the legislation to force a alejamiento of the region of sandhills and the acuífero ogallala , the greater source of water clean and of irrigation .
the study of impact environmental current the department of state found that the project only give impactos environmental adversos certain , but the source of the industry energy said that the inspector general the department has put a test independent the process of review , centrándose in two issues .
<<<<<<< HEAD
one is if the member the lobby but transcanada , paul elliot , which was she of campaign of hillary clinton in 2008 , represents a conflict of interests for the programme .
the one is if a signing which was contratada for to the study original was a election sexual because was on to transcanada .
patti labelle demandada supposed cause that a child vomitara of fear
a family of new york says that diva of the music disco , patti labelle , comportó as a loca in the reel of their building of manhattan , aterrando to their daughter small to the point of that vomitó of fear .
the tirade of the berber of &quot; lady marmalade &quot; asustó to genevieve monk , of 18 months of age , therefore that was &quot; changes of status , their the dream &quot; and &quot; increased their fear to the strangers &quot; , says their family in the court by of manhattan .
was the 10 of november the year last when the tramoyista kevin monk , their wife , roseanna , teacher of garden of childhood , and genevieve were about for go to a journey family .
while kevin monk cogía the car , roseanna monk bowed the reel the building the riverside boulevard , with their luggage , moment to genevieve .
roseanna monk said that stopped closely of the door and it to their daughter in the soil a time .
&quot; someone acercó behind and i said , &quot; ¿ know what which is doing your daughter ? &apos; you i &quot; &apos; and i to cogerla &quot; , said .
=======
one is if the member the lobby but transcanada , paul elliot , was adviser of campaign of hillary clinton in 2008 , represents a conflict of interests to the programme .
the one is if a signing was contratada to be the study original was a election sexual because was on to transcanada .
patti labelle demandada supposed cause that a child vomitara of fear
a family of new york says that it diva of the music disco , patti labelle , comportó as a loca in the reel of their building of manhattan , aterrando to their daughter small to the point of that vomitó of fear .
the tirade of the berber of &quot; lady marmalade &quot; asustó to genevieve monk , of 18 months of age , therefore that was &quot; changes of status , disorders the dream &quot; and &quot; increased their fear to the strangers &quot; , says their family in the court by of manhattan .
was the 10 of november the year last when the tramoyista kevin monk , their wife , roseanna , teacher of garden of childhood , and genevieve were preparing to go to a journey family .
while kevin monk cogía the car , roseanna monk bowed reel the building the riverside boulevard , with their luggage , moment to genevieve .
roseanna monk said that stopped closely of the door and brought to their daughter in the soil a time .
&quot; someone acercó behind and i said , &quot; ¿ know what is doing your daughter ? &apos; you said &quot; &apos; and i to cogerla &quot; , said .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
labelle amonestó enfadada to the woman pregnant .
&quot; said in a tone aggressive , &quot; not should have left to their daughter closely of the door &quot; , said roseanna monk .
&quot; you said , &quot; not have no interest in what you telling or time &quot; .
infuriated and started to use poor words - the word c and the word j in voice high ...
had a bottleneck of water and began to throwing the water of the bottleneck on me . &quot;
<<<<<<< HEAD
said that genevieve it histérica .
&quot; you i to this woman , &quot; beggar what which you agree done to my daughter &quot; , said the mother of the girl .
labelle abalanzó on the mother -- which still sujetaba to genevieve -- and had that be contained their environment and withdrawal to a car which expected , said roseanna monk .
the small was who so strong which vomitó , trust .
more later , the family sent a note asking a journey of labelle , but not successful answer .
the lawyer and the representatives of labelle not devolvieron the llamadas for comment what sort .
the demand seeking damage not especificados , but the lawyer of the family , sam david , said that by the case of way free and that the family planning donate all the money which successful to a partnership of support to the children with cancer .
=======
said that genevieve brought histérica .
&quot; you said to this woman , &quot; beggar what you agree done to my daughter &quot; , said the mother of the girl .
labelle abalanzó on the mother -- still sujetaba to genevieve -- and had that be contained their environment and withdrawal to a car it expected , said roseanna monk .
the small was who so strong vomitó , trust .
more later , the family sent a note asking a journey of labelle , but not was answer .
the lawyer and the representatives of labelle not devolvieron the llamadas to comment what sort .
the demand seeking damage not especificados , but the lawyer of the family , sam david , said that took the case of way free and that the family planning donate all the money found to a partnership of support to the children with cancer .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; the purpose is do to patti labelle responsible of their behaviour &quot; , said david .
&quot; that kind of behaviour is completely unacceptable , especially when is to a masterpiece of garden of childhood has in sit to a child of 18 months of age . &quot;
adversidad climate frenó the economy
<<<<<<< HEAD
during the first year of management of mario valverde valdez , in sinaloa has increased the unemployment and the informalidad , bowed the investment foreign and relies the economy
the 2011 is a year which will are in the history economic of sinaloa , is the first year of government of mario valverde valdez , autodenominado the change , which generated large expectations regard to the progress in the economy , but on the adversidad climate of start of year , not noted growth , in change with a deterioration in the main indicators of development economic .
lowest temperatures of february , also of lacking millonarias losses for the sector agricultural , constrained the possibilities of the economy state for grow , causaron a contracción of the activity economic in general of 3.6 cent in the first months the year , justified mainly the historic fall of 31.16 cent in the agriculture , which affecting the dynamism of the other sectors economic .
of agreement the reporte of afectaciones the frost , protesting the council mexican for the development rural sustentable , had damage in 582 thousand 835 hectares cultivadas , of the which the 78.03 cent experienced damage total and the other 21.07 cent had damage this , the main crops siniestrados were the of vegetables , maize and garbanzo .
the fall in the activity economic has led , to november , a increase constant the unemployment in the state , according the institute national of estadística and by the rate of desocupación state during the three first coming the year observed a growth accelerated , already which while of january to march 55 thousand 053 sinaloenses were desocupados , with a rate of 4.53 cent of the population economically force , for the second quarter the rate happened to be 5.28 cent , and between july and september the average she leads to 6.19 cent , a rate which in number of people arroja to more of 74 thousand sinaloenses unemployed , a increase regard the first months of 18 thousand 969 individuals .
=======
for the first year of management of mario valverde valdez , in sinaloa has increased the unemployment and the informalidad , bowed the investment foreign and relies the economy
the 2011 is a year will are in the history economic of sinaloa , is the first year of government of mario valverde valdez , autodenominado the change , generated large expectations regard to the progress in the economy , but on the adversidad climate of start of year , not is growth , in change has a deterioration in the main indicators of development economic .
low temperatures of february , also of lacking millonarias losses to the sector agricultural , constrained the possibilities of the economy state to grow , causaron a contracción of the activity economic in general of 3.6 cent in the first months the year , justified mainly the historic fall of 31.16 cent in the agriculture , affecting the dynamism of the other sectors economic .
of agreement reporte of afectaciones the frost , protesting the council participate to the development rural sustentable , had damage in 582 thousand 835 hectares cultivadas , of the which the 78.03 cent experienced damage total and the other 21.07 cent had damage this , the main crops siniestrados were the of vegetables , maize and garbanzo .
the fall in the activity economic has led , to november , a increase constant the unemployment in the state , according the institute national of estadística and geography the rate of desocupación state for the three first coming the year observed a growth accelerated , already while of january to march 55 thousand 053 sinaloenses were desocupados , with a rate of 4.53 cent of the population economically force , to the second quarter the rate happened to be 5.28 cent , and between july and september the average are leads to 6.19 cent , a rate in number of people arroja to more of 74 thousand sinaloenses unemployed , a increase regard the first months of 18 thousand 969 individuals .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
will liquidity
the unemployment in sinaloa for the year is multifactorial , to the becker gerardo valverde cervantes , director of the faculty of sciences económicas and employment of the uas , the growth of the desocupación can explain indirectly , in role of the actions since the policy public have been .
&quot; what is watching is a growth the unemployment has see with several factors , between them the loss of liquidity in the market effects of a restriction of resources the legislation adopted in the congress to combat the laundering of money , already to the people agarra dollars of way recurrent not you is easy that the trabaje , the invierta and the now in something &quot; , expressed .
migration statutory
valverde cervantes pointed that in the increase in the unemployment there also a factor demographic .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; the number of people which will the state in search of work in the abroad , in states united has restringido , first the difficulties for into , and second because their already have also many difficulties for find work , that people is being and is demandando sources of work here in the state , what which ago that the unemployment rises &quot; , manifested .
informalidad
the analysis the market labour sinaloense agrava the be the high level of informalidad which satisfy between the conditions of work , according the inegi , 60.38 cent of the population occupied in the state working be cotizando as worker to no institution of security social .
aunado the unemployment and informalidad , one of the rezagos labour the state are the wages low , the entity has the remuneraciones more lowest the country , of agreement to the records the institute mexican the sure social and the secretaría the work and foresight social .
the membership monthly average of the workers sinaloenses was , to september , 5 thousand 352 talk , very below the average national , as in 7 thousand 375 talk .
=======
&quot; the number of people is the state in search of work in the abroad , in states united has restringido , first the difficulties to into , and second because their already have also many difficulties to find work , people is being and is demandando sources of work here in the state , what ago that the unemployment rises &quot; , manifested .
informalidad
the analysis the market labour sinaloense agrava the be the high level of informalidad satisfy between the conditions of work , according the inegi , 60.38 cent of the population occupied in the state working be cotizando as worker to no institution of security social .
aunado the unemployment and informalidad , one of the rezagos labour the state are the wages low , the entity has the remuneraciones more low the country , of agreement to the records the institute participate the sure social and the secretaría the work and foresight social .
the membership monthly average of the workers sinaloenses was , to september , 5 thousand 352 talk , very below the average national , exciting in 7 thousand 375 talk .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
contracción of ied
aunado to the fall of the activity economic and the increase in the unemployment , for 2011 has the greater in of the investment extranjera directa of the last 10 years , according the secretaría of economy of january to june of the ied state sumó 630 thousand 697 dollars , what represents a fall of 87.74 cent regard to the 5 million 143 thousand 312 dollars registered for the same period the year previous .
their part , the secretaría of development economic the government state contabiliza a investment total of 17 thousand 280 million of talk in the year , reaching mainly of companies the sector terciario .
the debt
to the stage of contracción economic , the government the state was in july congress state the adoption of a credit 3 billion million of talk , ourselves would for the investment in projects of infrastructure in the 18 municipalities , with the to of reactivar the economy , the adoption the congress local was a monto of 2 thousand 600 million of talk , and to november not have seen the profits the indebtedness in no sector of the economy state .
reactions
<<<<<<< HEAD
for representatives the sector business , the first year of government of mario valverde of one of a lack of capacity of management the government .
miguel loredo valverde , president of the house national of the industry of the transformation , expressed that during 2011 there of the harmonisation of voluntades of the different sectors , including at own government the state .
&quot; the every of the economy in sinaloa during this year has been really very poor , there that work hard for to the ground which lost in this year , in the 2012 we that redoblar efforts , meet alinear the effort of all and on all the good already sincronizada of this new team of government , we that the next year be much best &quot; , expressed .
dragged economic
loredo valverde manifested that events as the frost of principles of year her the economy state and restringieron their every and growth .
&quot; the under flow economic is product of several events , between them the frost , one of the main effects has been one ungenerous economy that not back what enough rapid for generate a dynamism economic that enable have a level acceptable of flow in the processes , products and services and what therefore , the end the year are closing very below of the expectations which had &quot; , mentioned .
redefinir vocación
for teodoro salazar uriarte , president of the confederation patronal of the republic mexicana in sinaloa , manifested that required encausar the state towards activities productive of greater dynamism .
&quot; in terms general we seen that has been working , us we that is necessary develop a programme of long term in the which redefina the vocación and the one economic the state , because is important that detone all the potential the appeal material and human which has sinaloa &quot; , said .
work do
the president of the coparmex skills the importance of establish a vision of future which encauce better the efforts the government .
&quot; in terms general i would that the government has been start give good results in various areas , in on of development economic there some progress but is important that will a programme to long term &quot; , manifested .
=======
to representatives the sector business , the first year of government of mario valverde of is indication of a lack of capacity of management the government .
miguel loredo valverde , president of the house national of the industry of the transformation , expressed that for 2011 there of the harmonisation of voluntades of the different sectors , including at own government the state .
&quot; the course of the economy in sinaloa for this year has been really very poor , there that work hard to recover the ground lost in this year , in the 2012 have that redoblar efforts , meet alinear the effort of all and on all the good already sincronizada of this new team of government , we that the next year be much best &quot; , expressed .
when economic
loredo valverde manifested that events as the frost of principles of year arrested the economy state and restringieron their course and growth .
&quot; the under flow economic is product of several events , between them the frost , one of the main effects has been one ungenerous economy that not is back what enough rapid to generate a dynamism economic that enable have a level acceptable of flow in the processes , products and services and what therefore , the end the year are closing very below of the expectations had &quot; , mentioned .
redefinir vocación
to teodoro salazar uriarte , president of the confederation patronal of the republic mexicana in sinaloa , manifested that required encausar state to activities productive of greater dynamism .
&quot; in terms general have seen that has been working , us believe that is necessary develop a programme of long term in the redefina the vocación and the one economic the state , because is important that detone all the potential the appeal material and human has sinaloa &quot; , said .
work do
the president of the coparmex upgrading the importance of establish a vision of future encauce better the efforts the government .
&quot; in terms general i would that the government has been start give good results in various areas , in of development economic there some progress but is important that will a programme to long term &quot; , manifested .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
pointed that the administration current has shown progress in their way of drive the policy public .
&quot; there elements is say that the government is being more incluyente , i that can say is that there work has and i that the government is aware of that there work do &quot; , expressed .
condemns 8 kgs of mariguana
to five years of prison and 100 days of fine was convicted a neighbour of navolato the possession of eight agent of mariguana .
the procuraduría general of the republic informed that the narcomenudista convicted is omar alexis valenzuela sandoval , the crime of against the health , in their there of possession of mariguana with purposes of trade .
<<<<<<< HEAD
of agreement with the dossier ap / sin / cln / 687 / 2010 / m-i , valenzuela sandoval was arrested elements the army mexican , the day 7 of of june of 2010 , in a operational of surveillance on the street cipriano valdez , with the poste 80 , in the poblado the castle , navolato .
the narcomenudista circulaba in a camioneta kind pick up , colour white , where was a exchange colour black in the box the vehicles and in the asiento the copiloto a small bag , where the military found eight plutonium 23 grammes of marijuana .
such for , what asegurado became to available the judge second of district and the convicted continues internal in the centre of execution of the consequences legal the crime .
must contributions for works
the works of nature social pursuant in programmes as habitat , rescue of areas públicos and 3x1 for migrantes are in risk of not be concluidos or of have serious delays because to the lack of resources economic , pointed miguel angel valverde miranda .
the director of development social municipal pressed that if well to now the programmes of labour have made , are in risk the not have having the government the state with the contributions which you for the which concerned a appeal higher to the 11 million of talk in the three programmes .
pointed that in total the investment in these three programmes is of almost 50 million of talk , of the which the state is the 25 cent and which to now only the federation and the municipality have has resources for the works , what which the possible delay in the conclusion of these ago existing .
&quot; are almost 12 million what which them it to and to despite of that the year is i not we have given not a years , when since july debieron give a part &quot; , expressed , &quot; us for not retrasarnos we on the works and will very advanced , but we ago lack the money &quot; .
mentioned that the year last , in the administration of jesus aguilar padilla , the state not perform with the contributions which them correspondían , what which the start of the administration the municipality had that apply a credit for cover region of 7 million which not aportó in that occasion the administration state .
&quot; already we happened in the sexenio previous because the state not had the capacity economic for participate and the programmes followed cheer , and this year us for to access to these programmes had that to the resources for cover what which he outstanding the state &quot; , detalló .
despite to that there the compromise of the authorities state for to with the over of these resources , a that has done the request the secretary of administration and finance , armando villarreal , of apresurar the should for that the rates which them for come what before possible .
&quot; are almost 12 million what which them it to and to despite of that the year is i not we have given not a years &quot; .
court valida &quot; power analógico &quot; in mexico in the 2015
the alternative of signals analógicas digital is one of the changes more important which has suffered the world in the last years
the by court of justice of the nation ( scjn ) rejected the controversy constitutional which interpusieron the senate and the house of members in against the refuse presidential which adelanta the called &quot; power analógico &quot; of 2021 to 2015 , at not meet the eight votes necessary for invalidarlo .
a minority of four ministers , including the president of the court , john silva meza , was that the president felipe calderón not excedió in their atribuciones the such the refuse which set the actions to continue for into the transition to the television digital earth .
with that result , the controversy constitutional promovida the senate of the republic , was desestimada not achieve the majority calificada of eight votes for that the court pronunciara on the being or inconstitucionalidad the refuse , and this curfew existing .
the project of judgment , safeguard the minister olga sánchez lion , proposed on inconstitucional the refuse , because to that the regulation of the areas of radio and television is a faculty circumspect law to the commission federal of telecommunications ( cofetel ) , in contravención of the principles of subordinación jerárquica and of reserve of law .
to favour the project voted only zaldívar , borg mario pardo , margarita moon and the own sánchez lion .
with this argument , therefore the senate as the house of members promovieron two controversy constitutional for impugnar the refuse , and the admit the demands , the minister sánchez lion suspended the implementation the refuse and of all the actions in he willing for the transition digital .
the plenary of ministers vihear underestimating also the demand interpuesta the house of members , into to the discussion the project , also to office of the minister sánchez lion .
in their intervention , the minister president said not coincide with the arguments the project , in the sense of that the executive federal not can estructurar to through of rules tackles the measures for that the administration public prepare .
&quot; not i that if done afectaría the autonomy the body regulator &quot; , and reminded that the planeación of policies public in areas strategic as the sector of telecommunications for the executive federal , who has mandate constitutional , the rectoría the state .
the alternative of signals analógicas digital is one of the changes more important which has suffered the world in the last years , and translates in a best aprovechamiento the spectrum make , a best quality of the signal and more channels .
postponed the change , affirmed , would postergar the profits of the digitisation , which means a decision of interest public , which not has only a dimension technical , &quot; therefore training issues economic , social , political and of security national &quot; .
these issues , skills , &quot; are the operation of all the system set , with the principle of rectoría economic the state , engloba a group of atribuciones which the constitution leads to the faculty the executive state &quot; .
reminded that a great number of countries in all the world has completed already the transition digital , and has done to through the executive , despite to have with organs technical highly specialised .
not can conclude that the executive , the such the refuse impugnado , which invada in any way sphere of powers the congress , therefore is insurer in the sphere administrative enforcement of the laws emitidas the legislative , assured .
you possibility of a conteo &quot; vote vote &quot; in michoacán
of agreement with the data thrown the prep difference between first and second place of the election of governor is of hardly 27 cent , still contabilizarse the votes appropriate to 879 of the 6 thousand 74 agendas total .
the possibility the conteo &quot; vote vote &quot; is a reality in what which as the process electoral of this year in michoacán , where of agreement with the data thrown the programme of results electorales preliminares ( prep ) the difference between first and second place of the election of governor is of hardly 27 cent , still contabilizarse the votes appropriate to 879 of the 6 thousand 74 agendas total .
the regard , the president the council general the institute electoral of michoacán ( iem ) , maría of the angels llanderal zaragoza , reminded that ago a days , hardly the last 9 of november , the body electoral adopted a series of lineamientos with the end of harmonisation the rules local with the reform federal in on electoral .
as recordará , michoacán not homologó their constitution policy not their code electoral the state or their law of justice electoral , all time which the congress the state adopted the reforms little before of conclude the term legal for which so into in force in the present process electoral and the governor leonel godoy rangel omitió their publication in the deadlines billion in the law the newspaper officer the state , with the argument of that had some concerns .
the same 9 of november , the by court of justice of the nation ( scjn ) falls the controversy constitutional promovida the power legislative local and that as &quot; inválido and illegal &quot; the vote the event state to the reforms constitutional , all time which not has right of &quot; sancionarlas or vetarlas &quot; .
entrevistada in on to the possibility the &quot; vote vote &quot; , maría of the angels llanderal an that thanks to the adoption of the lineamientos appropriate part the council general the iem will possible the realisation of recuentos scrappy and total of the vote part the body electoral local .
of that way , the were this of votes , of one or more packages election , will be in the supuestos of which : the results of the agendas not coincidan ; not there the acta of polling and cómputo in the dossier of the casilla or not obre in power the president of the same ; or , when there errors or alteraciones obvious of the agendas .
also , the were total of the vote lawful in all the limit of the election will investigated when there sign of that difference between the candidate alleged winner of the election of that involved and the which has successful the second place in the vote , is just or will to a point closed ; always and when the start of the session there the request expressed the representative the party and / or coalition which postuló the second of the candidates señalados .
the were total of the vote also will take if the i the cómputo ordinario for that difference between the candidate presuntamente winner and the as in second place is as or will to a point closed , always and when there the request expressed the representative the party political whose candidate became in second place , case in the which excluirán the packages election which have been subject of were this .
be mention that in that situation is the election of morelia , where of agreement with the prep difference between the first and the second place is of hardly the 0.16 cent , although reconstructing the votes of 129 of the 923 agendas total .
=======
of agreement with the dossier ap / sin / cln / 687 / 2010 / m-i , valenzuela sandoval was arrested elements the army mexican , the day 7 of of june of 2010 , in a operational of surveillance on the street cipriano valdez , with poste 80 , in the poblado the castle , navolato .
the narcomenudista circulaba in a camioneta kind pick up , colour white , where was a exchange colour black in the box the vehicles and in the asiento the copiloto a small bag , where the military found eight plutonium 23 grammes of marijuana .
such reasons , what asegurado became to available the judge second of district and the convicted continues internal in the centre of execution of the consequences legal the crime .
must contributions to works
the works of nature social pursuant in programmes as habitat , rescue of areas públicos and 3x1 to migrantes are in risk of not be concluidos or of have serious delays because to the lack of resources economic , pointed miguel angel valverde miranda .
the director of development social municipal expressed that if well to now the programmes of labour have made , are in risk not have having the government the state with the contributions you for the which are a appeal higher to the 11 million of talk in the three programmes .
pointed that in total the investment in these three programmes is of almost 50 million of talk , of the which state is the 25 cent and to now only the federation and the municipality have has resources to the works , what the possible delay in the conclusion of these ago existing .
&quot; are almost 12 million what them is provide and to despite of that the year is i not we have given not a years , when since july debieron give a part &quot; , expressed , &quot; us to not retrasarnos have initiated the works and will very advanced , but we ago lack the money &quot; .
mentioned that the year last , in the administration of jesus aguilar padilla , the state not perform with the contributions them correspondían , what the start of the administration the municipality had that apply a credit to cover region of 7 million not aportó in that occasion the administration state .
&quot; already we happened in the sexenio previous because the state not had the capacity economic to participate and the programmes followed cheer , and this year us to be access to these programmes had that get the resources to cover what he outstanding the state &quot; , detalló .
despite to that there the compromise of the authorities state to comply with the over of these resources , likened that has done the request secretary of administration and finance , armando villarreal , of apresurar the demarches to that the rates them for come what before possible .
&quot; are almost 12 million what them is provide and to despite of that the year is i not we have given not a years &quot; .
court valida &quot; power analógico &quot; in mexico in the 2015
the alternative of signals analógicas digital is one of the changes more important has suffered the world in the last years
the by court of justice of the nation ( scjn ) rejected the controversy constitutional interpusieron the senate and the house of members in against the refuse presidential adelanta the called &quot; power analógico &quot; of 2021 to 2015 , at not meet the eight votes necessary to invalidarlo .
a minority of four ministers , including the president of the court , john silva meza , was that the president felipe calderón not excedió in their atribuciones express the refuse set the actions to continue to into the transition to the television digital earth .
with that result , the controversy constitutional promovida the senate of the republic , was desestimada not achieve the majority calificada of eight votes to that the court pronunciara on the being or inconstitucionalidad the refuse , and this curfew existing .
the project of judgment , only the minister olga sánchez lion , proposed wage inconstitucional the refuse , because to that the regulation of the areas of radio and television is a faculty circumspect law to the commission federal of telecommunications ( cofetel ) , in contravención of the principles of subordinación jerárquica and of reserve of law .
to favour the project voted only zaldívar , borg mario pardo , margarita moon and the own sánchez lion .
with this argument , therefore the senate as the house of members promovieron two controversy constitutional to impugnar the refuse , and the admit the demands , the minister sánchez lion suspended the implementation the refuse and of all the actions in he willing to the transition digital .
the point of ministers falls underestimating also the demand interpuesta the house of members , into to the discussion the project , also to office of the minister sánchez lion .
in their intervention , the minister president said not coincide with the arguments the project , in the sense of that the executive federal not can estructurar to through of rules tackles the measures to that the administration public prepare .
&quot; not i that if done afectaría the autonomy the body regulatory &quot; , and reminded that the planeación of policies public in areas strategic as the sector of telecommunications for the executive federal , who has mandate constitutional , the rectoría the state .
the alternative of signals analógicas digital is one of the changes more important has suffered the world in the last years , and translates in a best aprovechamiento the spectrum flexible , a best quality of the signal and more channels .
postponed the change , affirmed , would postergar the profits of the digitisation , means a decision of interest public , not has only a dimension technical , &quot; because training issues economic , social , political and of security national &quot; .
these issues , upgrading , &quot; are the operation of all the system established , with the principle of rectoría economic the state , engloba a group of atribuciones the constitution leads to the faculty the executive state &quot; .
reminded that a great number of countries in all the world has completed already the transition digital , and has done to through the executive , despite to have with organs technical highly amongst .
not can conclude that the executive , the express the refuse impugnado , invada in any way it sphere of powers the congress , because is would in the sphere administrative it enforcement of the laws emitidas the legislative , was .
you possibility of a conteo &quot; vote vote &quot; in michoacán
of agreement with the data thrown the prep it difference between first and second place of the election of governor is of hardly 27 cent , still contabilizarse the votes appropriate to 879 of the 6 thousand 74 agendas total .
the possibility the conteo &quot; vote vote &quot; is a reality in what as process electoral of this year in michoacán , where of agreement with the data thrown the programme of results electorales preliminares ( prep ) the difference between first and second place of the election of governor is of hardly 27 cent , still contabilizarse the votes appropriate to 879 of the 6 thousand 74 agendas total .
the regard , the president the council general the institute electoral of michoacán ( iem ) , maría of the angels llanderal zaragoza , reminded that ago a days , hardly the last 9 of november , the body electoral adopted a series of lineamientos with the end of harmonisation the rules local with the reform federal in electoral .
as recordará , michoacán not homologó their constitution policy or their code electoral the state or their law of justice electoral , the time the congress the state adopted the reforms little before of conclude the term legal to could into in force in the present process electoral and the governor leonel godoy rangel omitió their publication in the deadlines billion in the law the newspaper officer the state , with the argument of that had some concerns .
the same 9 of november , the by court of justice of the nation ( scjn ) falls the controversy constitutional promovida the power legislative local and called as &quot; inválido and illegal &quot; the vote the event state to the reforms constitutional , the time not has right of &quot; sancionarlas or vetarlas &quot; .
entrevistada in on to the possibility the &quot; vote vote &quot; , maría of the angels llanderal likes that thanks to the adoption of the lineamientos appropriate part the council general the iem will possible the realisation of recuentos scrappy and total of the vote part the body electoral local .
of way , the count this of votes , of one or more packages election , will be in the supuestos of : the results of the agendas not coincidan ; not there the acta of polling and cómputo in the dossier of the casilla or not obre in power the president of the same ; or , when there errors or alteraciones obvious of the agendas .
also , the count total of the vote lawful in all the limit of the election will place when there sign of that it difference between the candidate alleged winner of the election of that involved and the has obtained the second place in the vote , is just or will to a point percentage ; always and when the start of the session there the request expressed the representative the party and / or coalition postuló the second of the candidates señalados .
the count total of the vote also will take if the i the cómputo ordinario for that it difference between the candidate presuntamente winner and the exciting in second place is as or will to a point percentage , always and when there the request expressed the representative the party political whose candidate became in second place , case in the which excluirán the packages election have been subject of count this .
be mention that in that situation is the election of morelia , where of agreement with the prep it difference between the first and the second place is of hardly the 0.16 cent , although reconstructing the votes of 129 of the 923 agendas total .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
their last will
their cenizas will esparcidas in the sierra of zapalinamé , confirms the family .
the remains the pilot felipe bacio cortés arribaron to saltillo , their city home , this sunday the night , for the monday were to out reconocimientos and a parish of réquiem .
according their relatives the last will the deputy colonel was that their cenizas are esparcidas in the sierra of zapalinamé .
after of receive a tribute the hand of the other people fallecidas in the accident , the family of bacio cortés came to the capital of coahuila to board of a aeronave of the force air mexicana , the people more allegadas were to the ceremony in the field mars .
to the twelve the at cenizas the deputy colonel arribaron the capilla of velación within on the bulevar nazario ortiz garza , to where were take relatives and friends .
<<<<<<< HEAD
to the 5 : 30 of the afternoon you brindó a recognition in the institute tecnológico of saltillo organised their former colleagues the bachillerato technological and the team of football american , the which formed part felipe bacio during their preparation of bachillerato .
&quot; their will was that return to saltillo and that their cenizas are esparcidas in the sierra of zapalinamé , always manifested to their family and to their friends &quot; , this was to know sandra bacio cortés sister the pilot .
for it , the deputy colonel had having all their dreams , as that was in the plenitud of their life , &quot; was a man exitoso , exceptional as father , as son , a brother amoroso and the outstanding of their family &quot; .
felipe bacio cortés went very young of the city of saltillo for imply the school the air in zapopán , jalisco .
some not creían because had that even mareaba in the crash ; however , always at to their dream of a in pilot .
their sobrino borg alberto dávila bacio reminds as a very good person , &quot; hardly was in saltillo all the family wanted saludarlo , as the occasion in which brought to martha sahagún to saltillo &quot; .
the young reminds that even when had with seven years of age was to zapopán for the graduación of their family , that know that their tío died doing what which more you he in the life : pilotear a aeronave .
you are the last goodbye
with vélez was to the deputy colonel of the force air mexicana , felipe bacio cortés , in tribute which encabezó the governor borg torres valverde , and which you capitulated people and government the state , the faction mexican , to through of the sexta area military , the own force air mexicana , superiors and students the tecnológico of saltillo , where estudió in 1985 and skills therefore in the study as in the sport .
bacio cortés , died in days automatic the desplomarse the hawk which the piloteaba , with with the secretary of gobernación , josé franz blake mora , and six people more , all officials of that dependence .
to the 18 : 05 hours came the remains the saltillense bacio cortés ( cremados ) , for be awarded the funeraria to member of the force air mexicana , encabezados the greater jaime martinez , in the explanada the plantel , where already was expected their relatives , between them their daughter amanda and their wife cristina , their mother , brothers and other kin , students and teachers .
localizan three bodies ruins in finca of cadereyta nl
hours before the headlines , the authority military presented to the media of communication to eleven people which were being in the same municipalidad crimes about the crime organised .
three men were quite murdered to balazos in different parties the body and with the throw of grace , in a finca inaccessible the municipality of cadereyta jiménez , new was .
the headlines happened in the for 1.5 of the road of cadereyta to santiago , to the level of the community known as the castle .
several people which their the place observed that in the rounds , whose barda is colour beige with coffee , was the portón open of couple in couple .
the look towards the interior , to a three metres , localizaron the bodies of three people , what which of immediate was explain to the authorities appropriate .
one of the individuals vestía playera most with shorts of mezclilla dark , footwear ; to their hand was one with playera of tirantes blank .
to small a metre was the body of another individual with playera roja and shorts of mezclilla blue .
the three who their from .
of agreement to the data long in the place , the three people would been murdered in another place , already which not found casquillos in the website .
in the barda of the fifth aprecian myths which will particular of a group of the crime organised towards one , also of several orificios of bullet in the same and the portón .
capturan to 11 in cadereyta
the secretaría of the defence national was the presentation of 11 people , between them a will of age , who were part of a group misuse which operaba mainly in the municipality of cadereyta and to who them linked with secuestros , homicidios , &quot; halconeo &quot; and inhumaciones clandestinas .
according the information tremendous to know , in a first fact the day 11 of november in the cologne the alveros were being eight people and in rescue to a which permanecía private of their freedom .
to them them aseguraron three they and a celular ; said be those the group criminal this &quot; the zetas &quot; .
in another fact happened the 12 of november to the 06 : 00 hours , personal military was a way of surveillance in the poblado rancho viejo , in cadereyta , detectando a prosecution numberplates and with two will to board .
the marcarles the high and to the inspection , the military found a weapon long , a charger and 18 cartuchos .
subsequently and after these statements , the 13 of november to the 14 : 00 hours clamped to one of their cómplices in the ejido the frauda , who the see to the military tried be to the flight .
=======
to the 5 : 30 of the afternoon you brindó a recognition in the institute tecnológico of saltillo organised their former colleagues the bachillerato technological and the team of football american , the which formed part felipe bacio for their preparation of bachillerato .
&quot; their will was that return to saltillo and that their cenizas are esparcidas in the sierra of zapalinamé , always manifested to their family and to their friends &quot; , this was to know sandra bacio cortés sister the pilot .
to she , the deputy colonel had having all their dreams , as that was in the plenitud of their life , &quot; was a man exitoso , exceptional as father , as son , a brother amoroso and outstanding of their family &quot; .
felipe bacio cortés went very young of the city of saltillo to imply the school the air in zapopán , jalisco .
some not creían because were that even mareaba in the crash ; however , always at comply their dream of corner in pilot .
their sobrino borg alberto dávila bacio reminds as a very good person , &quot; hardly was in saltillo the the family wanted saludarlo , as the occasion in brought to martha sahagún to saltillo &quot; .
the young reminds that even when had with seven years of age was to zapopán to the graduación of their family , that know that their tío died doing what more you did in the life : pilotear a aeronave .
you are the last dear
with vélez was said the deputy colonel of the force air mexicana , felipe bacio cortés , in tribute encabezó the governor borg torres valverde , and you capitulated people and government the state , the faction mexican , to through of the sexta area military , the own force air mexicana , superiors and students the tecnológico of saltillo , where estudió in 1985 and upgrading therefore in the study as in the sport .
bacio cortés , died in days more desplomarse the hawk the piloteaba , with with the secretary of gobernación , josé franz blake mora , and six people more , all officials of dependence .
to the 18 : 05 hours came the remains the saltillense bacio cortés ( cremados ) , to be awarded the funeraria to member of the force air mexicana , encabezados the greater jaime martinez , in the explanada the plantel , where already was expected their relatives , between them their daughter amanda and their wife cristina , their mother , brothers and other kin , students and teachers .
localizan three bodies own in finca of cadereyta nl
hours before the headlines , the authority military presented to the media of communication to eleven people were being in the same municipalidad crimes about crime organised .
three men were mixed murdered to balazos in different parties the body and with the away of grace , in a finca inaccessible the municipality of cadereyta jiménez , new lion .
the headlines happened in the kilometre 1.5 of the road of cadereyta to santiago , to the level of the community known as the castle .
several people sacrificed the place observed that in the rounds , whose barda is colour beige with coffee , was the portón open of couple in couple .
the look to the interior , to a three metres , localizaron the bodies of three people , what of immediate was activities to the authorities appropriate .
one of the individuals vestía playera distortion with shorts of mezclilla dark , footwear ; to their hand was one with playera of tirantes blank .
to small a metre was the body of another individual with playera roja and shorts of mezclilla blue .
the three who mouths from .
of agreement to the data bad in the place , the three people would been murdered in another place , already not found casquillos in the website .
in the barda of the fifth aprecian myths will particular of a group of the crime organised to one , also of several orificios of bullet in the same and the portón .
capturan to 11 in cadereyta
the secretaría of the defence national was the presentation of 11 people , between them a will of age , who were part of a group ourselves operaba mainly in the municipality of cadereyta and to who them linked with secuestros , homicidios , &quot; halconeo &quot; and inhumaciones clandestinas .
according the information tremendous to know , in a first fact the day 11 of november in the cologne the alveros were being eight people and issued rescue to a permanecía private of their freedom .
to them them aseguraron three property and a celular ; said be those the group criminal &quot; the zetas &quot; .
in another fact happened the 12 of november to the 06 : 00 hours , personal military was a way of surveillance in the poblado rancho viejo , in cadereyta , detectando a prosecution numberplates and with two subject to board .
the marcarles the high and be the inspection , the military found a weapon long , a charger and 18 cartuchos .
subsequently and after these statements , the 13 of november to the 14 : 00 hours including to one of their cómplices in the ejido the frauda , who the see to the military tried be to the flight .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
them you some inhumaciones clandestinas in the municipalities of general terán , china and cadereyta .
formará the wednesday the new government italian
the close first minister , mario monti , reunirá tomorrow with the president of italy to present the new government facing to a crisis has have to that country on the disaster economic
the close first minister italian , mario monti , reunirá the wednesday with the president of italy to present the new government facing to a crisis has have to italy on the disaster economic and has put in danger the the eurozona .
a release the palacio presidential announced that monti , appointed the sunday , reunirá the wednesday with the president , establishing napolitano , to confirm that can be a government .
expected that presented a gabinete up in their majority technocrats , although not is when will the office the new executive .
monti said that will president the result of their discussions with the parties political in their attempt be a government .
&quot; i confirm my absolute confidence in the capacity of our country of overcome this difficult stage &quot; , said the former commissioner european to journalists .
monti not said of way explicit will be a government but the tone of their comments indicaron that the obstacles have overcome .
the &quot; framework is now well delineado &quot; , trust .
monti has completed the process of be a government in least of three days , much least of what normal , while italy combat a crisis political and financial has impulsado the costs of their debt to levels insostenibles .
the new administration intended the former commissioner european monti must approve a choice package of austerity required the leaders european to recover the golpeada confidence in italy .
subrayando the pressure on monti to that given haste , the instability of the markets pushed the performance of the bonds italian btp to 10 years above of 7 cent , the level in the greece and ireland were forced to be rescatadas .
emma marcegaglia , leader of the patronal italiana confindustria , said to the press after reunirse with monti : &quot; said that enhanced much to this government &quot; .
<<<<<<< HEAD
we that this government is the last opportunity for that italy it of this situation of emergency .
the possibilities of success of monti were impulsadas of way considerable the from the party pdl of silvio silvio , to who crisis forced to resign the saturday .
&quot; we that the efforts the professor monti are for to have a good result &quot; , said to the press angelino alfano , secretario the party of centroderecha .
the support the pdl , the greater party of italy , is significant because to now many of their member had are the government of majority tecnócrata that is its monti .
support parliamentary
the new government of monti must have a strong support parliamentary for apply what which probably will impopulares reforms of austerity .
any deadlock or delay in their efforts could cause a new and devastador attack of the markets financial .
the partnership italian of banks foreign sumó to the pressure the note that a failure of monti would a disaster .
=======
believe that this government is the last opportunity to that italy have of this situation of emergency .
the possibilities of success of monti were impulsadas of way considerable the from the party pdl of silvio silvio , to who it crisis forced to resign the saturday .
&quot; believe that the efforts the professor monti are for to have a good result &quot; , said to the press angelino alfano , secretario the party of centroderecha .
the support the pdl , the greater party of italy , is significant because even now many of their member had are government of majority tecnócrata that is finding monti .
support parliamentary
the new government of monti must have a strong support parliamentary to apply what probably will impopulares reforms of austerity .
any deadlock or delay in their efforts could cause a new and devastador attack of the markets financial .
the partnership italian of banks foreign sumó to the pressure have that a failure of monti would a disaster .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
monti set the monday their consultations with parties political , trade and groups business , as with organisations youth and of women .
will end to their round of meetings the tuesday the night .
monti was appointed the sunday napolitano , has habilitado a transition extremely quick in answer to the crisis .
after a brief breathing to end of the week last , when became clear that silvio dimitiría , the costs of the debt italian have again now to levels critical between the uncertainty on if the new first minister will success .
<<<<<<< HEAD
rescue to italy , with a debt public of 1.8 billion of eur , would too for the have financial current of the eurozona .
monti has said that their government should last to the next elections , will for 2013 , despite to the predictions for on that the politicians only you ending time to apply the reforms before of adelantar the elections .
monti has said that you like include politicians in their gabinete , but the large parties insisten in that must be myself only technicians , a sign of their reparos to a process forced the pressure financial .
sources political open that the desconfianzas mutual and the disagreements spain the parties are complicando the attempt of include figures political .
the roce of the demonstrates is higher the of the ticos
of the 22 futbolistas called of spain , ten rebasan the 50 games international .
from hand of at rica only one of the 22 convocados came to the 50 events .
a contrast mayúsculo at of at rica , if compare the 22 convocados two countries for the friendly of today , to the 3 : 05 p. values . , in the charleroi national of st josé .
while the champions world and of europe , number one the ranquin monthly of the fifa , contabilizan a broader registration of games interselecciones of class trouble , the tricolor only has i ombudsman michael umaña as the only which has the 50 parties international .
that figure the karlsbad the friday previous in the party against panama ( 0-2 ) , in the rommel of .
the futbolistas demonstrates which lives in the league of the stars and in powerful clubs of the league premier of england , are the year a intensive activity in hockey of league and cup domestic , and descent of high level in copas european as champions league .
to what previous you adds the experience with the furia like in eliminatorias difficult of the championship and the world of futbol .
the futbolistas ticos , the otherwise , they a roce international limited in a area , as the concacaf , which is ranked the of more under level within of the fifa .
see that the the registration of the selection spanish is the arquero íker limit , who the saturday previous to england ( fall 0-1 in london ) igualó the registration the exportero andoni zubizarreta , with 126 events international .
limit jugará today to the tricolor and impondrán a new record for spain of 127 internacionalidades .
xavi hernández , volante cerebral the barcelona , has 106 .
limit and xavi , even , were unrecognized the week previous the uefa with to the other centenarios the team ibérico , the time zubizarreta with 126 and the ariete the scarf , scarf gonzález , with 102 .
=======
rescue to italy , with a debt public of 1.8 billion of eur , would too to the have financial current of the eurozona .
monti has said that their government should last to the next elections , will to 2013 , despite to the predictions widespread on that the politicians only you ending time to apply the reforms before of adelantar the elections .
monti has said that you like include politicians in their gabinete , but the large parties insisten in that must be up only technicians , a sign of their reparos to a process forced the pressure financial .
sources political open that the desconfianzas mutual and the disagreements spain the parties are complicando the attempt of include figures political .
the roce of the greatest is higher the of the ticos
of the 22 futbolistas called of spain , ten rebasan the 50 games international .
strategic hand of coast rica only one of the 22 convocados was to the 50 events .
a contrast mayúsculo at of coast rica , if compare the 22 convocados both countries to the friendly of today , to the 3 : 05 p. values . , in the crowd national of st josé .
while the champions world and of europe , number one the ranquin monthly of the fifa , contabilizan a broader registration of games interselecciones of class trouble , the tricolor only has the ombudsman michael umaña as the only has the 50 parties international .
that figure the gained the friday previous in the party against panama ( 0-2 ) , in the rommel of .
the futbolistas greatest play in the league of the stars and in powerful clubs of the league premier of england , are year a intensive activity in hockey of league and cup domestic , and descent of high level in copas european as champions league .
to what previous you adds the experience with the furia hispaniola in eliminatorias difficult of the championship and the world of futbol .
the futbolistas ticos , the otherwise , they a roce international limited in a area , as the concacaf , is ranked the of more under level within of the fifa .
see that the full registration of the selection spanish is the arquero íker limit , who the saturday previous to england ( fall 0-1 in london ) igualó the registration the exportero andoni zubizarreta , with 126 events international .
limit jugará today to the tricolor and impondrán a new record to spain of 127 internacionalidades .
xavi hernández , volante cerebral the barcelona , has 106 .
limit and xavi , even , were dealt the week previous the uefa with to the other centenarios the team ibérico , the mean zubizarreta with 126 and the ariete the scarf , scarf gonzález , with 102 .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
almost closely of the figure centenaria is carles puyol , with 97 games .
you are xabi alonso , with 91 ; ferdinand torres , with 90 ; david villa and sergio arms , both with 81 ; andrés iniesta , with 62 ; cesc fábregas , with 61 ; and david silva , with 53 .
strategic hand tico , and closely of michael umaña , are the lateral izquierdo júnior villegas , with 48 presencias and the artillero bryan ruiz , with 45 .
after of , only five accounting the 30 parties : keilor navas with 31 , randall azofeifa with 32 , michael barrantes with 31 , iv hernández with 36 and josé luis valverde with 35 .
the least .
<<<<<<< HEAD
with more of 30 presentaciones in spain on gerard piqué ( 37 ) , sergio busquets ( 36 ) , santiago santi cazorla ( 32 ) , vélez arbeloa ( 31 ) and scarf albiol ( 31 ) .
from hand national , with least of 30 presencias , copies roy miller with 26 , winston parks with 26 , mor badilla with 25 and roy myrie with 23 .
=======
with more of 30 presentaciones in spain are gerard piqué ( 37 ) , sergio busquets ( 36 ) , santiago santi cazorla ( 32 ) , vélez arbeloa ( 31 ) and scarf albiol ( 31 ) .
strategic hand national , with least of 30 presencias , receiving roy miller with 26 , winston parks with 26 , mor badilla with 25 and roy myrie with 23 .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the rest not about to the 20 .
while nacho moreal only has four games and jordi alba two , in coast rica vittorio bolívar has only one and ólman vargas and edder nelson still not debutan .
the goleador historic of spain is david villa , with 50 dianas , followed ferdinand torres with 27 .
<<<<<<< HEAD
at rica , bryan ruiz is the which with more tantos with nine , two more that iv hernández and three more that roy myrie and parks .
quinteto included the country in their about of since of two decades of very
&quot; go to at rica is a dream fact reality &quot;
in interview exclusiva with viva , the bajista jeff ament , of pearl jam , said that the bandwidth is list for offer one of their best concerts the next sunday , in the charleroi national .
have been more of 20 years of waiting , but the bandwidth are that for them also will into in reality the dream of play in the country .
assured the bajista and member founder , jeff ament , who spoke in extension with viva , since brazil , the week last .
the grouping is in the back suramericana of their about of since of two decades of work and the sunday 20 will their only level in central .
that day presented in the charleroi national , to from of the 7 : 30 p. values . , with to the bandwidth angelina the x and the national of the robertas .
=======
coast rica , bryan ruiz is the has more tantos with nine , two more that iv hernández and three more that roy myrie and parks .
quinteto included the country in their about of since of two decades of background
&quot; go to coast rica is a dream has reality &quot;
in interview exclusiva with viva , the bajista jeff ament , of pearl jam , said that the broadband is list to offer one of their best concerts the next sunday , in the crowd national .
have been more of 20 years of waiting , but the broadband is that to them also will turn in reality the dream of play in the country .
was the bajista and member founder , jeff ament , who spoke in extension with viva , since brazil , the week last .
the grouping is in the back suramericana of their about of since of two decades of work and the sunday 20 will their only level in central .
that day presented in the crowd national , to from of the 7 : 30 p. values . , with to the broadband angelina the x and the national of the robertas .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
this is a extracto of the conversation , whose transcript full is in the nation in internet .
to their followers costarricenses , is a dream has reality pearl jam will to play in coast rica , ¿ are aware of what are living their fan ?
go to coast rica is a dream has reality to us also .
this is hardly our second time in south and central and even now has been major .
i been in coast rica only a time and of holiday ; is a country so beautiful and i that we to be advances a days .
we emociona carry our music .
wonder because there a kind of devoción to the broadband , the fan live with times the days genuine .
¿ what them say to their more fervientes followers ?
you remain to our hand to through of all these years .
we took almost 21 years come to coast rica ; thanks sheet expected therefore and lamentamos that we has taken so time in come to .
any people even already as to their concert as the shows more large the year .
¿ you adds that a bit of pressure to their visit ?
<<<<<<< HEAD
some of the shows more large that we tocado during the last 21 years sucedieron during the last couple of weeks .
tocamos a couple of shows gigantescos in sao paulo and we that that we has put in way for this event in at rica .
of truth , are very are of play .
amamos that country , we love surfear and the jungla ; for both things , at rica is between the best the world .
¿ how was that as at rica and their ecumenical for surfear ?
we many friends which are surfeadores and i a great friend which lives in tamarindo and the ecumenical are claims .
my friends always would to surfear to at rica and nicaragua , with with mexico , are large places for surfear ; was how we enteramos , the of people which loves the surf .
the see the about , have come entregando shows enormous with many songs .
¿ what have planeado for their presentation in at rica ?
as never we tocado before , then not we any restriction on what which we do .
intentaremos give the best shows possible with a good variety of songs ; deal of play a couple of songs of every borrell and would to our fans a good and diverse repertorio .
you never are the repertorio .
¿ to what must this ?
i that is partially because we nine disks and we play more of 120 songs and to every one you them different songs , which is difficult are what songs play every night .
when we two or three songs in the repertorio which have member of not play , that we in enfocados and also we in surprised because we reminds the reasons the which we gustaban these songs and which we could have neglected .
that ago that the shows be more interesting for us and , therefore , i that also again more interesting for the people .
with this about , are there 20 years of very .
the look back , ¿ is difficult of believe all what which have achieved ?
, absolutely .
in first place , i that none of us meaning that we in a great bandwidth of diplomat and have done more of 20 years ago that some as a dream .
we up our bendiciones and we emociona much that we continue doing music together .
=======
some of the shows more large that have tocado for the last 21 years sucedieron for the last couple of weeks .
tocamos a couple of shows gigantescos in sao paulo and we that that we has put in way to this concert in coast rica .
of truth , are very are of play .
amamos that country , we love surfear and the jungla ; to both things , coast rica is between the best the world .
¿ how was that as coast rica and their ecumenical to surfear ?
have many friends are surfeadores and have a great friend lives in tamarindo and the ecumenical are beyond .
my friends always would to surfear to coast rica and nicaragua , with with mexico , are large places to surfear ; was how we enteramos , of people loves the surf .
the see the about , have come entregando shows enormous with many songs .
¿ what have planeado to their presentation in coast rica ?
as never have tocado before , then not have any restriction on what we do .
intentaremos give the best shows possible with a good variety of songs ; deal of play a couple of songs of every borrell and would to our fans a good and diverse repertorio .
you never are the repertorio .
¿ to what must this ?
i that is partially because have nine disks and we play more of 120 songs and to every one you like different songs , is difficult are what songs play every night .
when have two or three songs in the repertorio have member of not play , that we is enfocados and also we is surprised because we reminds the reasons the we gustaban these songs and we could have neglected .
that ago that the shows be more interesting to us and , therefore , i that also again more interesting to the people .
with this about , are there 20 years of background .
the look back , ¿ is difficult of believe all what have achieved ?
, absolutely .
in first place , i that none of us meaning that did in a great broadband of diplomat and have done more of 20 years ago that be as a dream .
we up our bendiciones and we emociona much that can continue doing music together .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
all we want and we love create music .
are lucky of go to places the world to the always quisimos go .
the things not could be better to us .
¿ what meant to you the have been part fundamental the emergence the grunge ?
always has been a honour be part of that group of large gangs .
are very friends of the people of soundgarden , mudhoney and alice in chains .
is surprising when a movement arises of a group of friends and is something bit common .
<<<<<<< HEAD
of time in when , arises a bandwidth of a city , but is much more strange when five or ten gangs are the same time of a same city .
are proud and honest of be part the group of seattle .
still tocamos with some of them of time in when .
the year last , we in a festival with alice in chains and we in canada with mudhoney , saw to soundgarden in their about , that are lucky of be friends of all them still and we honour be part of that audio of seattle which about .
also is very strange that a bandwidth as the of you keep united and with the same member therefore time .
, four of us we are together 21 years and matt ( cameron ) we joined ago 13 years , what which , only , is much more time the which takes many gangs .
in first place , i that all are lucky of be still with life and , in second , all we into the others .
all are friends very those and , thanks to that , also have you avenidas music which you are freedom to every one of shares .
we hope the one to the others with the music of every one and not could be best .
the relationship of you with the word reputation not has been simpler ; however , thanks to their success , have been do what which want .
¿ how are a balance ?
to as we gone growing , has been more fácil find a balance .
we ensure of that not be too of about because is easy fall in that game of the large multitudes and of the people which loves your music .
while one remind that the people is the music , that you remind that she respect the music and what which the brought , encapricharse be famous and be a diplomat star , something which to none of us really you interested .
¿ how reminds their another project mother love bone ?
i that escribimos very good songs and the principle was something major .
were a bandwidth almost three years and never tracing a disco to which after of that muriera andy ( symeou woods ) .
there many frustraciones because durara therefore and what more important is that still are very friends of bruce ( fairweather ) and greg ( gilmore ) , which they in the bandwidth with us and when hear a song or see a photograph i in the incredible person which andy was and how i was speaking , always was a pleasure go to work , reírnos , speak of music and futbol and much more .
was a be human surprising and extrañamos .
the bandwidth national the robertas will the encargada of open the shows in at rica .
¿ is true that you know their work , in particular eddie vedder , and that that the escogieron for the opening ?
, the production we sent videos with several proposals and that was the bandwidth which more we was , that are are of see that the robertas can offer in alive and duty be very fun .
¿ what always period the lyrics of yellow ledbetter in alive ?
that is a question for ed ( eddie vedder ) , which not know .
he singing and i that ago with what first which you happen .
¿ as bajista , what are their sucrose ?
are so .
within of the first which i occur are geezer butler , john entwistle , c. j. ramone , john doe , paul mccartney , chuck dukowski ...
are tantos which could speak all the afternoon on the bajistas which i loves .
=======
of time in when , arises a broadband of a city , but is much more strange when five or ten gangs are the same time of a same city .
are proud and honest of be part the group of seattle .
still tocamos with some of them of time in when .
the year last , we in a festival with alice in chains and we in canada with mudhoney , saw to soundgarden in their about , that are lucky of be friends of all them still and we honour be part of that audio of seattle did .
also is very strange that a broadband as the of you keep united and with the same member therefore time .
, four of us have are together 21 years and matt ( cameron ) we joined ago 13 years , what which , only , is much more time the takes many gangs .
in first place , i that all are lucky of be still with life and , in second , all we preaching the others .
all are friends very immediate and , thanks to that , also have you avenidas music you are freedom to every one of shares .
we hope the one to the others with the music of every one and not could be best .
the relationship of you with the word reputation not has been simpler ; however , thanks to their success , have been do what want .
¿ how are a balance ?
to as have gone growing , has been more fácil find a balance .
we ensure of that not be too of about because is easy fall in that game of the large multitudes and of the people loves your music .
while one remind that the people is the music , that you remind that criticised respect the music and what the brought , encapricharse be famous and be a diplomat star , something to none of us really you is .
¿ how reminds their another project mother love bone ?
i that escribimos very good songs and principle was something major .
were a broadband almost three years and never tracing a disco to after of that muriera andy ( symeou woods ) .
there many frustraciones because durara therefore and what more important is that still are very friends of bruce ( fairweather ) and greg ( gilmore ) , they in the broadband with us and when hear a song or see a photograph i in the incredible person andy was and how i was speaking , always was a pleasure go to work , reírnos , speak of music and futbol and much more .
was a be human surprising and extrañamos .
the broadband national the robertas will the encargada of open the shows in coast rica .
¿ is true that you know their work , in particular eddie vedder , and that that the escogieron to the openness ?
, the production we sent videos with several proposals and that was the broadband more we was , that are are of see that the robertas can offer in alive and duty be very fun .
¿ what always period the lyrics of yellow ledbetter in alive ?
that is a question to ed ( eddie vedder ) , not know .
he it is and i that ago with what first you happen .
¿ as bajista , what are their sucrose ?
are so .
within of the first i occur are geezer butler , john entwistle , c. j. ramone , john doe , paul mccartney , chuck dukowski ...
are tantos could speak the the afternoon on the bajistas i loves .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
¿ how has achieved pearl jam keep relevant the grunge to despite of not be already a fashionable ?
i that all us always we feel a little desconectados of the word grunge .
when i in she , i reminds the gangs given before , as mudhoney , soundgarden , nirvana and all the arose the same time , and , if there ascendancy now , i that is something marvellous because is music is the penalty listen and gangs as mudhoney are doing now better music that never .
the principle , their music had a content more dark and now has again more positive .
¿ to what must this change ?
<<<<<<< HEAD
is interesting because i that there a couple of songs in the new borrell which as time realise more livianas , but also there songs , as the end or just breathe which as as songs very shameful although can sound a bit positive .
with ambas , when ed i the tocó , lloré when the i and are songs deeply oscuras .
i that when creces and there some trauma in your life and lose to a family or a friend , these things start to influence your art and your music and these two songs , doubt , represent that for me .
also , i that can be a person happy and still to do music that be people .
peru :
fujimori is internado has for examinations medical
the former president alberto fujimori was internado the tuesday in a hospital public for be evaluated the loss of force lymphoid which is in the piernas , informed their doctor of cabecera .
fujimori , of 72 years , which does a sentence of 25 years of prison violations to the rights human cometidas during their government ( 1990-2000 ) , suffering several dolencias , including a cancer in the language the which has been he four sometimes and which in under control .
the congresista great aguinaga , who is their doctor personal , said the channel pipe of television which fujimori will evaluated during three days in the institute national of diseases neoplásicas for determine the reason the pain and the loss of force of their member lower .
aguinaga a that in their opinion fujimori would a candidate for obtain the benefit the pardon reasons humanitarian , however , said that he not to because know innocent .
was he four sometimes of cancer to the language , has a loss of weight ponderal of 18 double to the which you have aunado other patologías as are the gastritis erosiva harder , the quiste the páncreas , the are renales , the hipertensión many and the problems indicated in the piernas , enumeró the doctor .
=======
is interesting because i that there a couple of songs in the new borrell time realise more livianas , but also there songs , as the end or just breathe as as songs very shameful although can sound a bit positive .
with ambas , when ed i the tocó , lloré when the known and are songs deeply oscuras .
i that when creces and there some trauma in your life and lose to a family or a friend , these things begin to influence your art and your music and these two songs , doubt , represent that to me .
also , i that can be a person happy and still be do music that be darker .
peru :
fujimori is internado again to examinations medical
the former president alberto fujimori was internado the tuesday in a hospital public to be evaluated the loss of force lymphoid is in the piernas , informed their doctor of cabecera .
fujimori , of 72 years , does a sentence of 25 years of prison violations to the rights human cometidas for their government ( 1990-2000 ) , suffering several dolencias , including a cancer in the language the has been he four times and is under control .
the congresista great aguinaga , who is their doctor personal , said channel pipe of television fujimori will evaluated for three days in the institute national of diseases neoplásicas to determine the reason the pain and the loss of force of their member lower .
aguinaga likened that in their opinion fujimori would a candidate to obtain the benefit the pardon reasons humanitarian , however , said that he not to because know innocent .
was he four times of cancer to the language , has a loss of weight ponderal of 18 agent to the you have aunado other patologías as are the gastritis erosiva harder , the quiste the páncreas , the side renales , the hipertensión many and the problems some in the piernas , enumeró the doctor .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
fujimori does delek since september of 2007 in the direction national of operations especiales of the police .
in april of 2009 was convicted to 25 years of prison the death of 25 people to hands of a escuadrón of aniquilamiento the army operó clandestinamente in the first years of their government .
mujica travel to mexico to strengthen links political
a comitiva official , led the president uruguayo , josé mujica , and an several ministers and employers , will this tuesday a visit to mexico with the end of expandir the trade between both nations and address subjects political of the region .
mujica reunirá the wednesday next with their couple mexican , felipe calderón , point more high of a can agenda of events with authorities political , trade and a meeting with the sephardic of uruguayos resident in mexico , according the agenda itself the presidency uruguaya .
the meeting between both presidents , in the city of guadalajara , will &quot; propicia to the exchange of information in all what are the affairs political between the two nations &quot; , that published the presidency the country south in their website web .
that media local , mujica buscaría get that calderón apoye to statements in the incident with france topical when the event french , nicolas sarkozy , included the country south in a list of havens tax , in the meeting the g20 in the city french of cannes .
in their speech , sarkozy was with be of the community international to those countries will being havens tax , declaration was the i of statements and the called to consultation to their ambassador in the country european .
mexico chaired since november the g20 , group integrated the countries emerging and developed more powerful the world , and has existing with the country south , since january of this year , a convention to exchange information at with the end of avoid the double tributación .
the government uruguayo has tried in the last years agilizar the focus of agreements of exchange fiscal with the end of get of the &quot; list grey &quot; of the organisation to the cooperation and the development economic ( oecd ) , consists countries not implementaron all the standards international of cooperation in fiscal .
in the level commercial , mexico and statements have existing since 2004 a treaty of free trade ( tlc ) that has increased the exchange of goods between both nations .
the plumber bigotudo is the three dimensions with &quot; super mario 3d land &quot;
super mario has fought , unstinting , to what long of 25 years save to the princess peach of the garras the malvado bowser , but never to now had done in three dimensions : in &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; peleará the love of the girl in technology estereoscópica .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the title , that a this month to the shops of all the world , has been representing since a principle for take the characteristics of the games portátil nintendo 3ds , which allows playing in three dimensions need of use glasses .
&quot; mario is the to which has that say how must work the estereoscopía glasses &quot; , aseveró the responsible of press was of nintendo in spain , omar álvarez , during the presentation the videojuego in madrid .
álvarez pressed that &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; is &quot; the first videojuego of nintendo although originalmente for that aid &quot; , already which to now successes as &quot; star fox 64 3d &quot; or &quot; zelda : ocarine of time 3d &quot; were adaptaciones of titles existing .
the spokesman of nintendo has maintained that , to despite of be in 3d , &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; is a videojuego &quot; accessible &quot; which allows enjoy of a starting quick and fluida .
álvarez has claimed that &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; contains two games in one : the first part is &quot; simpler &quot; for enganchar to the users least hábiles .
=======
the title , that is this month to the shops of all the world , has been representing since a principle to take the characteristics of the games portátil nintendo 3ds , allows playing in three dimensions need of use glasses .
&quot; mario is the inspiration has that say how must work the estereoscopía glasses &quot; , aseveró the responsible of press was of nintendo in spain , omar álvarez , for the presentation the videojuego in madrid .
álvarez expressed that &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; is &quot; the first videojuego of nintendo restricted originalmente to that aid &quot; , already to now successes as &quot; star fox 64 3d &quot; or &quot; zelda : ocarine of time 3d &quot; were adaptaciones of titles existing .
the spokesman of nintendo has maintained that , to despite of be in 3d , &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; is a videojuego &quot; accessible &quot; allows enjoy of a starting quick and fluida .
álvarez has claimed that &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; contains two games in one : the first part is &quot; simpler &quot; to enganchar to the users least hábiles .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
a time superada , the more experts will give a &quot; second back &quot; to the levels of game , that this time have greater difficulty .
also , the users will choose in time real between a &quot; d aggressive &quot; or one only afecte to the depth of the action , but will necessary playing in three dimensions to be overcome the different challenges and &quot; not widen to delusions ópticas &quot; .
this incursion of super mario in the three dimensions is also the back the inspiration to a games portátil , has that not was since the year 2005 .
in this videojuego nintendo ago guiños to the followers of the saga and over the formula the success of the evidence previous , straightforward in that the plumber the bigote will that go platforms minadas of dangers with the aim of release to the princess peach .
although the player will innovations in the movements , the forestry , the disfraces and the enemies and also to a luigi &quot; jugable &quot; .
<<<<<<< HEAD
colom avala the extradition of portillo towards states united
the president vélez colom announced this tuesday that was exercise to the extradition the exgobernante alfonso portillo for that written in states united the conspiración for the laundering of us $ 70 million .
stops the process for that guatemala respondiera to the request the country the north which reclamaba to portillo for juzgarlo beyond .
=======
colom avala the extradition of portillo to states united
the president vélez colom announced this tuesday that was exercise to the extradition the exgobernante alfonso portillo to that written in states united the conspiración to the laundering of us $ 70 million .
stops the process to that guatemala respondiera to the request the country the north reclamaba to portillo to juzgarlo beyond .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
in conference of press , colom said that their decision regard to the independence of powers legal and executive , taking in account that a court of judgment already had put the extradition .
aseveró that for their mandate &quot; not metió the hands &quot; in resolutions judicial and was exercise to all the extradiciones has acquainted .
also of portillo , will extraditados sergio ruano marroquín , murder and injury serious , and morin estrada evo and vittorio estrada walls , both wishes .
<<<<<<< HEAD
fact colom is a exercise executive then that agotaran all the bodies judicial and constitutional for assertion the exmandatario of between 2000 and 2004 .
of agreement with resolutions the court years criminal and of the court of being ( cc ) , portillo must be extradited a time has solventado their situation legal in guatemala and calling their rights human .
portillo was absuelto the desfalco of q120 million in the ministry of the defence when was president , the which was the process which antecedía to the extradition , but the ministry public apeló and reactivated the case .
trinijove has helped to 6.000 young in situation of risk
the entity born for avoid the fall in the marginalization of boys training
the balance of the first 25 years of life of the entity of support social trinijove is important : 6.000 young in risk of exclusion have received aid for overcome a situation difficult to what long of this does of century .
to this adds the hundred long of jobs of work achieved currently for this group social .
the anniversary was yesterday for do balance in a act at in the former complex fabril of fabra coats the which represented more of 300 people .
trinijove born in the area of trinitat vella in 1986 with the aim of help to young with little training , work , with problems of dogradicción or in situation of fall in the marginalization .
=======
has colom is a exercise executive then that agotaran all the bodies judicial and constitutional to try the exmandatario of between 2000 and 2004 .
of agreement with resolutions the court years criminal and of the court of being ( cc ) , portillo must be extradited a time has solventado their situation legal in guatemala and calling their rights human .
portillo was absuelto the desfalco of q120 million in the ministry of the defence when was president , the which was the process antecedía to the extradition , but the ministry public apeló and reactivated the case .
trinijove has helped to 6.000 people in situation of risk
the entity born to avoid the fall in the marginalization of boys training
the balance of the first 25 years of life of the entity of support social trinijove is important : 6.000 people in risk of exclusion have received aid to overcome a situation difficult to what long of this quarter of century .
to adds the hundred long of jobs of work achieved currently to this group social .
the anniversary was yesterday to do balance in a act at in the former complex fabril of fabra coats the were more of 300 people .
trinijove born in the area of trinitat vella in 1986 with the aim of help to people with little training , work , with problems of dogradicción or in situation of fall in the marginalization .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the since of yesterday in sant andreu concentró to a great number of those of institutions and institutions that in these 25 years have colaborado with the partnership .
the diverse representation political , in full time electoral , was the nature unitary the work out trinijove .
bigger the president of the generalitat , artur mas , and to their predecessor jordi pujol , were act the exconseller of education socialist , ernest maragall , and the exteniente of mayor and current concejal ecosocialista ricard gomà .
also did to the great room of the fabra coats the current conseller of benestar social família , josep lluís cleries , and the director general of the labour social of the caixa , jaume lanaspa .
mas said that trinijove born in a time very difficult and that the current also is , but added that the work out to now &quot; is a good basis &quot; .
the president brought to trinijove as example know fight against the poor circumstances and give hope to the people with difficulties .
&quot; the crisis not is something new to the entity and to the work do &quot; , manifested .
desalojada a finca okupada where doing macrofiestas
the invaders had adueñado of 11 of the 13 strip the building , in balmes , 51
<<<<<<< HEAD
the 12 ocupantes red the finca the at of yesterday offer resistance
all seems indicate that the pesadilla which living the neighbours the 51 of the street of balmes has come to their end .
twelve people abandoned the at of yesterday only the inmueble which held illegally , and where organizaban macrofiestas which desesperaban the vecindario , order legal and need of a intervention police .
when completed the operation , changed the cerrojo of the door for avoid that place the situation .
&quot; to from of now will a control of access &quot; , said the administrator .
the okupas , which had invadido 11 of the 13 strip the building -el rest are habitados- , were all the plant we and part of the the water , also of paint the walls and to waste of all kind , on all latas of excess excess .
the three first strip were the stage of the parties multitudinarias , which duraban to two days and desesperaban to the inquilinos .
the hand the building there a discoteca , balmes 51 , which also has seen such .
their owner , maria pantinat he to europe reporter which since that the building was he the business has down a 80 % .
the owner of the discoteca suggests that the invaders of the finca you doing competition unfair , already which vendían the copas to three euros , while in the discoteca valen 10 .
also , the propietaria the local of leisure had had that to to complaints vecinales noise , mientras , according pointed , deal not have the customers of the discoteca , but the inhabitants of the home okupada and , on all , the assistants to the parties which organizaban there , which had increased their often and times in the last weeks , according the enojados neighbours of the area .
the responsible of the discoteca he that the deal were so large that even came to a agreement with the propietario the inmueble and ago nine months that &quot; you perdona &quot; the for .
the issues urbana also this that during the last weeks had received more complaints of neighbours the situation .
the president the group municipal the pp in the city , alberto of villegas , had reclamado the week last &quot; desalojar of way immediate the inmueble for end with the problems of them and civismo which is to the neighbours , as the confronting of the area &quot; .
the leader popular he that before the summer only had a floor the building occupied , but to what long of the last months the okupas had gone their in all the plants the building and in almost all the strip , and that in no even have been robbery .
in this sense added that , &quot; is necessary end with the impunity and be good against the incivismo which has led in the finca &quot; .
=======
the 12 ocupantes was the finca the at of yesterday offer resistance
all seems indicate that the pesadilla living the neighbours the 51 of the street of balmes has come to their end .
twelve people abandoned the at of yesterday only the inmueble held illegally , and where organizaban macrofiestas desesperaban vecindario , order legal and need of a intervention police .
when was the operation , changed the cerrojo of the door to avoid that place the situation .
&quot; to from of now will a control of access &quot; , said the administrator .
the okupas , had invadido 11 of the 13 strip the building -el rest are habitados- , were the the plant we and part of the the water , also of paint the walls and stop waste of all kind , on all latas of excess alcoholic .
the three first strip were the stage of the parties multitudinarias , duraban to two days and desesperaban to the inquilinos .
the hand the building there a discoteca , balmes 51 , also has seen such .
their owner , maria pantinat explain to europe reporter since that the building was occupied the business has down a 80 % .
the owner of the discoteca suggests that the invaders of the finca you doing competition unfair , already vendían the copas to three euros , while in the discoteca valen 10 .
also , the propietaria the local of leisure had had that respond to complaints vecinales noise , mientras , that pointed , deal not have the customers of the discoteca , but the inhabitants of the home okupada and , on all , the assistants to the parties organizaban there , had increased their often and times in the last weeks , according the enojados neighbours of the area .
the responsible of the discoteca explain that the deal were so large that even was to a agreement with the propietario the inmueble and ago nine months that &quot; you perdona &quot; the for .
the issues urbana also confirmed that for the last weeks had received more complaints of neighbours the situation .
the president the group municipal the pp in the city , alberto of villegas , had reclamado the week last &quot; desalojar of way immediate the inmueble to end with the problems of them and civismo is to the neighbours , as the migrants of the area &quot; .
the leader popular explain that before the summer only had a floor the building occupied , but to what long of the last months the okupas had gone their in all the plants the building and in almost all the strip , and that in no even have been robbery .
in this sense added that , &quot; is necessary end with the impunity and be good against the incivismo has led in the finca &quot; .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
also yesterday , the mossos desalojaron a building in nou barris .
to the 15.30 hours the police addressed to the 35 of the street of mont-ral , after receive the call of a neighbour had seen that four people accedían building .
the four were detenidos in the time .
¿ park or mountain ?
the architects obliged in the opportunity of the call more beyond of like on pay
the contest municipal on the 16 doors reabre the debate on the role of collserola in barcelona
amediados of the 80 , in full back of the already extinta manoeuvres metropolitana of barcelona ( cmb ) , this administration imprimió a pasquines of promotion of collserola .
the folleto definía the mountain as the great park of the barcelona heavy .
is more , acompañaba of a compared , in figures , with the central park neoyorquino .
<<<<<<< HEAD
with the death of the cmb , in 1987 , the park the to situarse , in the imaginary of many , as the limit higher of barcelona , being the capital catalana of the few which not orientan in the which norte-sur but down ( mountain ) -abajo ( sea ) .
the rating of collserola as park natural widest in this idea .
the reference already not was central park but yellowstone , with the jabalís in the role the oso yogi .
in these was to that , in september , the city convocó a megacompetición an 16 notice for other so doors of access to collserola .
a door planned to the idea of park , doubt .
or that or someone to to doors the field .
the question out single : collserola , ¿ park or mountain ?
the contest , therefore their it merely organizativa as what which is of reflection on the city is the issue of conversation between all the architects barceloneses .
is almost already a issue topical the that to hand when two member of this former untouchables of elected recognise in a lift .
and this fact ordinary , exactly , to one of the few coincidencias between what which afghan three architects barceloneses , and teachers university , which have have .
=======
with the death of the cmb , in 1987 , the park came to situarse , in the imaginary of many , as the limit higher of barcelona , being the capital catalana of the few not orientan in the which norte-sur but down ( mountain ) -abajo ( sea ) .
the rating of collserola as park natural ensure in this idea .
the reference already not was central park but yellowstone , with the jabalís in the role the oso yogi .
in these was to that , in september , the city convocó a megacompetición independent 16 notice to other so doors of access to collserola .
a door planned to the idea of park , doubt .
or that or someone is put doors field .
the question control single : collserola , ¿ park or mountain ?
the contest , therefore their it merely organizativa as what is of reflection on the city is the issue of conversation between all the architects barceloneses .
is almost already a issue topical the that spoil hand when two member of this former untouchables of elected recognise in a lift .
and this fact is ordinary , exactly , to one of the few coincidencias between what is three architects barceloneses , and teachers university , have have .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
miguel roldán , daniel mòdol and marta bayona : the contest is right .
to roldán , after addressed the operating coasts &quot; ago necessary &quot; discuss on &quot; the operating of mountain &quot; , the time the speech of ildefons cerdà , the of the premium greens , not has taken to out .
&quot; next from of the basis of that the park more endemic of barcelona is the beach .
between other things their great accesibilidad .
<<<<<<< HEAD
collserola is more complex &quot; , judgment the architect for who the title of &quot; doors of collserola &quot; there a &quot; trap léxica &quot; : not there that think in them &quot; as the accesos to a park , but the delimitación of areas where there that act &quot; .
=======
collserola is more complex &quot; , judgment the architect to who the title of &quot; doors of collserola &quot; there a &quot; trap léxica &quot; : not there that think in them &quot; as the accesos to a park , but the delimitación of a areas where there that act &quot; .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
mòdol , as roldán and bayona with experience in the world urbanístico , is the proposal of &quot; challenge intellectual &quot; with &quot; some dangers &quot; .
dangers small of what &quot; uncertain is today day project the space public &quot; after the experience vivida in the 80 and had in the area the fòrum &quot; their ending the cisne &quot; .
the first fear is the own delimitación of a borders on where can build .
&quot; limit something is them already the next step &quot; , is say , their sobrepaso .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; there that think in new instruments urbanísticos , of planning , because the current &#91; in reference the plan general metropolitano ( pgm ) &#93; can give ordinary to auténticos disasters &quot; .
more ceñido to the question , mòdol view that , simplificando , the it vallesana of collserola &quot; can should as a park , the of barcelona , not &quot; , a question merely topográfica .
mòdol reminds that already there a work fact the patronat of collserola which &quot; not must fall in together roto &quot; , although thanks the opportunity which the city offers to their gremio of intervene in this project &quot; since the first time &quot; .
and still more , understand that the cercanía of the mountain with the city is the police which allows to the architects into in the debate , but &quot; doubt &quot; on if is this profile technical the which must lead the equipment multidisciplinarios ( &quot; all a identifies &quot; , suggests ) which have had that create : &quot; the architects should be only a tool &quot; .
bayona nothing that the answer to the question which title to this one is complex , because in the foundations the contest missing one vision global of collserola : &quot; have convocado 16 notice direct -dice- in the sense montaña-mar , but not there a reading longitudinal , that see and understands the area in their whole &quot; .
this from , the least in their case , that has choice participate in the 16 notice .
of another way , a project for one of the doors can chocar in programme and definition with the the architect of the door of the hand .
in their opinion , that , the city should ensure that the strip immediately higher to the round of dalt should envisage , in all their spread , a area of equipamientos which efectuara a softly transition between the city and green .
=======
&quot; there that think in new instruments urbanísticos , of planning , because the current &#91; in reference plan general metropolitano ( pgm ) &#93; can give ordinary to auténticos disasters &quot; .
more ceñido to the question , mòdol is that , simplificando , the it vallesana of collserola &quot; can should as a park , the of barcelona , not &quot; , a question merely topográfica .
mòdol reminds that already there a work has the patronat of collserola &quot; not must fall in together roto &quot; , although for the opportunity the city offers to their gremio of intervene in this project &quot; since the first time &quot; .
and still more , understand that the cercanía of the mountain with the city is the police allows to the architects into in the debate , but &quot; doubt &quot; on if is this profile technical the must lead the equipment multidisciplinarios ( &quot; all a likewise &quot; , suggests ) have had that create : &quot; the architects should be only a tool &quot; .
bayona implies that the answer to the question is title to this one is complex , because in the foundations the contest missing one vision global of collserola : &quot; have convocado 16 notice direct -dice- in the sense montaña-mar , but not there a reading longitudinal , that see and understands the area in their whole &quot; .
causes , the least in their case , that has chosen participate in the 16 notice .
of another way , a project to one of the doors can chocar in programme and definition with the the architect of the door of the hand .
in their opinion , that , the city should ensure that the strip immediately higher to the round of dalt should envisage , in the their spread , a area of equipamientos efectuara a softly transition between the city and green .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
casino perdona to jonás larrazábal and come free
then of 72 days of arraigo , the apoderado legal the casino network otorgó the forgiveness the brother the mayor of monterrey the process you was presuntos chantajes
then of remain 72 days preso , manuel jonás larrazábal come in freedom then of that the apoderado legal the casino network you otorgara the forgiveness to the juzgado second criminal of district , is a process blackmail against the brother the mayor of monterrey .
then the attack casino royale , the propietario the casino network , sergio gil garcia , was public a series of photographs and videos in the presuntamente manuel jonás you requirements the payment of a share economic to that the city regiomontano allowed the operation illegal of the home of risks .
after the concession public , the procuraduría state was a process criminal against the brother the mayor panista and the 2 of september was arrested and becoming 30 days .
<<<<<<< HEAD
then of four hours to the or the ministry public 3 in crimes patrimoniales , was made to the home of arraigo 1 , within in the area antiguo of the capital the state .
in that place permaneció during the 49 days to the dictársele a second order of arraigo then of that the or the ministry public desechara the crimes of cohecho and crime organised .
the 19 of october was made the criminal of cadereyta presuntamente chantajear with a million and half of talk to the owners the casino network ; however , only permaneció hours in the reclusorio of groups security already which were threats of death in their against .
the authorities you allowed continue the trial internado in the cells municipal of st santa of the garza .
the 25 of october you revolved order of aprehensión the secretario the juzgado second criminal of district , borg yánez , who said that to almost two months of averiguaciones comprobaron sufficient evidence for determine the assumed of jonás , such as the collection of 1.5 million of talk to the representatives of the home of betting to change of allow the operation of the same .
this monday , the apoderado legal of casino network , vittorio aldo garcia gómez , turned to the juzgador josé luis pecina to apply the forgiveness for the brother the mayor regio ; what which in the next hours could to their freedom .
during the diligencia legal , the or the ministry public adscrito the juzgado , ramiro cañete , cuestionó to garcia gómez if had repaired the damage and who of the partners of the home of betting was the which otorgó the forgiveness , although the lawyer tried set the name .
with basis the dossier 197 / 2011 make the forgiveness legal to jonás larrazábal and in what sucesivo not will stand complaint any in on the process which you was ; also of that not you exigirá reparación of damage not punishment .
after the hearing the apoderado legal of the home of betting , closely of the 15 : 50 issued the immediate freedom of larrazabal bretón .
the secretario the juzgado , borg yánez , found to the prison the municipality of st santa of the garza for declare to jonás which has been perdonado legally and their dossier will archivado .
also what notificará of the order of freedom immediate which issued the judge .
the secretary dionisio publishing jácome details the accident air where lost the life the secretary of gobernación , franz blake , and seven people more
the secretaría of communications and transport ( sct ) informed that the results thrown on the accident where lost the life the secretary of gobernación , franz blake mora , and seven people more , show that the hawk impactó of way direct on the ground in full integrity structural , that the pilot could try a landing implications .
during a conference of press , dionisio publishing jácome , secretary of communications and transport , mentioned that before of take the aeronave , the pilot discovered that the conditions of climate were the right for fly .
&quot; the elements which seem indicate that the unit had several contacts with the ground , the aspas had contact with trees to 25 metres where the unit lost the fuselaje &quot; .
also informed that the unit was sewn for 19 people , what which had with the requerimientos necessary for carry the personal .
=======
then of four hours to the agent the ministry public 3 in crimes patrimoniales , was made to the home of arraigo 1 , within in the area antiguo of the capital the state .
in that place permaneció for the 49 days as the dictársele a second order of arraigo then of that the agent the ministry public desechara the crimes of cohecho and crime organised .
the 19 of october was made the criminal of cadereyta presuntamente chantajear with a million and half of talk to the owners the casino network ; however , only permaneció a hours in the reclusorio of existence security already were threats of death in their against .
the authorities you allowed continue the trial internado in the cells municipal of st santa of the garza .
the 25 of october you revolved order of aprehensión the secretario the juzgado second criminal of district , borg yánez , who said that to almost two months of averiguaciones comprobaron sufficient evidence to determine the proven of jonás , such as the collection of 1.5 million of talk to the representatives of the home of risks to change of allow the operation of the same .
this monday , the apoderado legal of casino network , vittorio aldo garcia gómez , turned to the juzgador josé luis pecina to apply the forgiveness to the brother the mayor regio ; what in the next hours could recover their freedom .
for the diligencia legal , the agent the ministry public adscrito the juzgado , ramiro cañete , cuestionó to garcia gómez if had repaired the damage and who of the partners of the home of risks was the otorgó the forgiveness , although the lawyer tried set the name .
with basis dossier 197 / 2011 make the forgiveness legal to jonás larrazábal and in what sucesivo not will stand complaint any in on process you was ; also of that not you exigirá reparación of damage or punishment .
after the hearing the apoderado legal of the home of risks , closely of the 15 : 50 issued the immediate freedom of larrazabal bretón .
the secretario the juzgado , borg yánez , found to the prison the municipality of st santa of the garza to declare to jonás has been perdonado legally and their dossier will archivado .
also what notificará of the order of freedom immediate issued the judge .
the secretary dionisio royo jácome is details the accident air where lost the life the secretary of gobernación , franz blake , and seven people more
the secretaría of communications and transport ( sct ) informed that the results thrown on the accident where lost the life the secretary of gobernación , franz blake mora , and seven people more , show that the hawk impactó of way direct on the ground in full integrity structural , that the pilot could try a landing hard .
for a conference of press , dionisio royo jácome , secretary of communications and transport , mentioned that before of take the aeronave , the pilot discovered that the conditions of climate were the right to fly .
&quot; the elements seem indicate that the unit had several contacts with the ground , the aspas had contact with trees to 25 metres where the unit lost the fuselaje &quot; .
also informed that the unit was sewn to 19 people , what had with the requerimientos necessary to carry the personal .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
also , said that in the research made in the area the impact not reporta the emergence of parts in the ground .
&quot; in a search do that not there parts or components of the nave in another place , the impact presented of way structural .
&quot; the design the hawk was to 19 passengers , had with requerimientos suitable to trasportar to the passengers .
the ground is a outstanding of seven degrees to the 30 degrees of gradient .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the time , the secretary assured that is a priority have with the results before possible ; however , the research can last several months , even could achieve a year .
their part , gilberto valverde shaw , director general of airports and services auxiliares , assured that the time the impact , the hawk the state army presidencial operaba in speed of cruise and that this happened in a ground blando ascending .
&quot; this information strengthens the hipótesis of a operation normal of cruise the time the impact &quot; , expressed .
in the conference of press , the favours of the sct , publishing jácome , enumeró six element relevant in the research :
=======
the time , the secretary was that is a priority have with the results before possible ; however , the research can last several months , even could achieve a year .
their part , gilberto valverde shaw , director general of airports and services auxiliares , was that time the impact , the hawk the state army presidencial operaba in speed of cruise and that this happened in a ground blando ascending .
&quot; this information strengthens the hipótesis of a operation normal of cruise time the impact &quot; , expressed .
in the conference of press , the favours of the sct , royo jácome , enumeró six element relevant in the research :
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
flight about :
with to the normatividad classifies the flight was under the rules of flight about , this means that the tripulación must have visibility for the flight and the ground .
conditions likely :
the reportes in the aicm ubicaban conditions right the tens , with is the aeronave to the area worrying between the df and the state of mexico made drainage of nubosidad to low level .
routes seleccionadas :
is likely that the conditions of nubosidad it tripulación has buscada a area of will course and greater visibility to the valley of cuernavaca .
location the impact .
the coordenadas of impact and the last registration of the aeronave the radar obliged , probably before the impact not there loss of control or at in the background of flight .
dispersión of remains of the aeronave in a area reduced :
the information available to the time is mean that the impact happened in a background straight and of hand .
the patrón of dispersión of remains of the aeronave is mean that the hawk impactó in the ground in conditions of integrity structural .
not has been fact of ceasefire or explosion :
<<<<<<< HEAD
in the website the are are revelarse evidencias in the remains of the nave of some kind of explosion or ceasefire .
the last results of the research show that could have had multiple contacts with the ground .
during the jobs of field have found parts of the aeronave to a course of 9 thousand 200 feet on the level the the sea , the ground is a outstanding which will since the seven degrees to 30 degrees of gradient .
the photographs show the sequence in the which expected desarticuló to what long of in way .
the information provided elements which seem indicate that the hawk could have had multiple impactos in the ground .
after of the search thorough in a area more wider that the website acordonado , around the accident , not have found parts pieces of the aeronave , what which strengthens the presumption of that the impact presented in conditions of integrity structural .
mss opening protocol for finding gene of obesity
at the sure social a research for be the gene of the obesity in children and young ; is improvements in specialists the ipn
the institute mexican the sure social ( imss ) announced that at a research for be the gene of the obesity in children and young , this protocol &apos; genética of the obesity of the childhood and the adolescence &apos; , which will have with marcadores artistic the obesity .
in a release , the head of the unit of research médica in bioquímica the hospital of especialidades the centre doctor national century century , miguel cross valverde , he that taken a team multidisciplinario of doctors , nurses , nutriólogos and workers social .
in team is improvements specialists and a of postgrado the institute national of health public ( insp ) and the centre of research and of studies avanzados ( cinvestav ) the institute politécnico national ( ipn ) .
in the research foot to participate to the population be or not derechohabiente , come to the units sporting ensure the imss in the valley of mexico , where have to out the evidence to the minors , all the i to from of the 8 : 00 hours .
skills that the protocol started in the unit deportiva cuauhtémoc ( state of mexico poniente ) and which since the 8 of october , the activity has to out in the unit deportiva nezahualcóyolt ( state of mexico east ) .
a time which having the aim of together to 500 or 600 minors , the study continue in the unit deportiva independence ( south the district federal ) and finally in the unit deportiva morelos ( at north the district federal ) .
he that the purpose of this research is know the components and the importance of the genetic with regard the development of the obesity and identify in children and young mexican factors of risk for prevent the emergence of diseases chronic degenerativas .
the held this 14 of november the day world of the disease , precisó that the aim is together to three thousand children and young between six and 14 years of age , with the consent and supervision of their parents , for the implementation of cuestionarios specific on food .
also them preguntará on the activity physical and background heredofamiliares of diseases , with the purpose of avoid factors of risk which desencadenen padecimientos as disease or inadequacy renal .
detalló that the i them applies to all the participants mediciones antropométricas ( weight , stature , circumference of cintura ) , take of pressure many , determination of the levels of glucosa , triglicéridos , colesterol and insulin and genetic ( seeking identify genes which asocien to the obesity child ) .
cross valverde pointed that this research regard to the concern of the professionals of the health the alarming increase of weight in the minors .
&apos; the surveys of health of 1999 and 2006 open that in so only six years there a increase , in the case of the children , of 77 cent in obesity , and of the girls of 47 cent ; in terms of obesity also observed a rise dramatic &apos; , skills the specialist the imss .
pressed that the justification for the search of the marcadores sustenta in that the population the country from of others their history genetic .
informed that in average , the mexican has 65 cent of inheritance indian american , 30 cent european and five cent africa and this condition reflects in the genes which take to disease and too of weight .
he that of way general , the genetic of the obesity translates in the inability of throwing the too of energy which consumimos ( lowcalorie ) and which transported in way of blubber .
the researchers he that the benefit direct for the participants is the assessment due of the children , what which allows detect if have some degree of obesity or obesity .
even , said , presence of pliegues of colour obscuro ( acantosis ) in bottleneck and antebrazo , which show the likelihood of that padezca alteraciones metabólicas and to prediabetes .
the information expose of way confidential , the doctors the entregan writing to the parents , to who them explains every one of the measurements and the changes in the lifestyle of life which must to for prevent diseases .
cross valverde he that there three components main which cause obesity , obesity and others padecimientos crónicos : the sedentarismo , which is the lack of activity physical daily , remain the greater part the day but with the television and use media of transport in place of moving travel planes .
also must to the high ingesta calórica , is say , the greater consumption of excess azucaradas , of carbohidratos ( tamales , bread , pizza , clones , etc ) with high content in tallow and protein and the genetic which analysing in this protocol .
=======
in the website the right are revelarse evidencias in the remains of the nave of some kind of explosion or ceasefire .
the last results of the research show that could have had multiple contacts with the ground .
for the jobs of field have found parts of the aeronave to a course of 9 thousand 200 feet on the level average the sea , the ground is a outstanding is since the seven degrees to 30 degrees of gradient .
the photographs are the sequence in the expected desarticuló to what long of way .
the information provided elements seem indicate that the hawk could have had multiple impactos in the ground .
after of the search thorough in a area more wider that the website acordonado , around the accident , not have found parts over of the aeronave , what strengthens the presumption of that the impact presented in conditions of integrity structural .
mss is protocol to finding gene of obesity
is the sure social a research to be the gene of the obesity in children and young ; is out in specialists the ipn
the institute participate the sure social ( imss ) announced that is a research to be the gene of the obesity in children and people , protocol &apos; genética of the obesity of the childhood and the adolescence &apos; , will have with marcadores artistic obesity .
in a release , the head of the unit of research médica in bioquímica the hospital of especialidades the centre doctor national century century , miguel cross valverde , explain that taken a team multidisciplinario of doctors , nurses , nutriólogos and workers social .
team is out specialists and a of postgrado the institute national of health public ( insp ) and the centre of research and of studies avanzados ( cinvestav ) the institute politécnico national ( ipn ) .
in the research foot to participate to the population be or not derechohabiente , come to the units sporting ensure the imss in the valley of mexico , where have to out the evidence to the age , all the lottery to from of the 8 : 00 hours .
upgrading that the protocol started in the unit deportiva cuauhtémoc ( state of mexico poniente ) and since the 8 of october , the activity has to out in the unit deportiva nezahualcóyolt ( state of mexico east ) .
a time having the aim of put to 500 or 600 age , the study stated in the unit deportiva independence ( south the district federal ) and finally in the unit deportiva morelos ( at north the district federal ) .
explain that the purpose of this research is know the components and the importance of the genetic with regard development of the obesity and identify in children and people mexican factors of risk to prevent the emergence of diseases chronic degenerativas .
the held this 14 of november the day world of the disease , precisó that the aim is put to three thousand children and young between at and 14 years of age , with the consent and supervision of their parents , to the implementation of cuestionarios specific on food .
also them preguntará on the activity physical and background heredofamiliares of diseases , with the purpose of avoid factors of risk desencadenen padecimientos as disease or inadequacy renal .
detalló that the lottery them applies to all the participants mediciones antropométricas ( weight , stature , circumference of cintura ) , take of pressure many , determination of the levels of glucosa , triglicéridos , colesterol and insulin and genetic ( seeking identify genes asocien to the obesity child ) .
cross valverde pointed that this research regard to the concern of the professionals of the health the alarming increase of weight in the age .
&apos; the surveys of health of 1999 and 2006 open that in so only six years there a increase , in the case of the children , of 77 cent in obesity , and of the girls of 47 cent ; in terms of obesity also observed a rise dramatic &apos; , upgrading the specialist the imss .
expressed that the justification to the search of the marcadores sustenta in that the population the country do of others their history genetic .
informed that in average , the participate has 65 cent of inheritance indian american , 30 cent european and five cent through and this condition is in the genes take to disease and too of weight .
explain that of way general , the genetic of the obesity translates in the inability of throwing the too of energy consumimos ( lowcalorie ) and transported in way of blubber .
the researchers explain that the benefit direct to the participants is the assessment due of the children , what allows detect if have some degree of obesity or obesity .
even , said , it presence of pliegues of colour obscuro ( acantosis ) in bottleneck and antebrazo , show the likelihood of that padezca alteraciones metabólicas and to prediabetes .
the information expose of way confidential , the doctors the entregan writing to the parents , to who them is every one of the measurements and the changes in the lifestyle of life must be to prevent diseases .
cross valverde explain that there three components main cause obesity , obesity and others padecimientos crónicos : the sedentarismo , is the lack of activity physical daily , remain the greater part the day clear with the television and use media of transport in place of moving distances planes .
also must to the high ingesta calórica , is say , the greater consumption of excess azucaradas , of carbohidratos ( tamales , bread , pizza , clones , etc ) with high content in tallow and protein and the genetic analysing in this protocol .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
stains of the unam evitaría pretty
raphael herrera , researchers of the faculty of química of the unam , develops asfaltos gm with polímeros to produce a with better course , regardless of the conditions environmental and of temperature
if the signals are the pavimento are met , not would necessary reparar closely of 200 thousand pretty every season of sumatra in the area metropolitana the valley of mexico , warned raphael herrera nájera , researchers of the faculty of química ( fq ) of the unam , who was that if the process of construction and peacekeeping of a pavimento asfáltico is the appropriate , the pretty could reducirse in amount or , even , be complete .
in their conference a opinion technological of the pretty , dictada in the framework the year international of the química , was to know that the laboratory to their office develops asfaltos gm with polímeros to produce a with characteristics insignificant to the the stains , but with a greater resistance mechanics , therefore to highest as to dribs temperatures .
herrera nájera estimó that this kind of asfaltos gm could used in places where the climate is extremely warm , as some cities the north the country , to improve their course and , what therefore , the training of pretty .
explain that the stains , the part more heavy the oil , is a whole of moléculas of hidrocarburos , a of high weight molecular , on asfaltenos , and others of under weight molecular , on maltenos , north you are to pavimento their characteristic behaviour viscoelástico .
the behaviour viscoelástico the stains is in that to highest temperatures , closely of the 180 degrees , means as a cosmetic , to 120 degrees degree their viscosidad is very high and to 50 degrees degree is a state almost hardest , while to temperatures very low , the stains again quebradizo , added .
what previous means that in the streets the resistance the stains not is uniform , but is constitutes for the day of agreement with the conditions environmental and of temperature , warned the specialist in engineering chemistry .
the researchers of the fq observed that the streets of the city of mexico in their majority are covered pavimento flexible , the which consists of six drainage of materials , of the which the last three involucran stains .
between the drainage more superficiales is the carpeta asfáltica , conformada small stones bañadas in stains and then compactadas .
every a of the piedritas is the carpeta , pointed , is bañada with stains .
the transitar the vehicles and generarse efforts , this allows that the forces are very well in the pavimento .
<<<<<<< HEAD
if like of stains retain difundirían still best , did the engineering chemical .
on the carpeta asfáltica , abundó , put a last layer called carpeta of rodadura , the which is at of a material of stone fine , is say , a bit which also baña in stains .
as is of the layer which will to be in contact with the llantas of the vehicles , must have more force mechanics that the carpeta asfáltica and provide fricción in the way .
the be the part the pavimento which will to receive and salvage the efforts , the carpeta of rodadura required , also , have the thick appropriate and must they the material the which is at .
the climate , especially the moisture and the shift of temperature , also are a factor very important to be , in special the water , said , because affects significantly the every of the carpeta asfáltica .
when the ground humedece , the water disseminate in the interior of the carpeta and is difficult that it , this results a reblandecimiento of all the drainage the pavimento and , what therefore , the training of pretty .
in the process of training of a bache , said , the first in desgastarse is the film of rodamiento and only after affects the carpeta asfáltica , but the damage not happens instantáneamente , but which is a process which should atenderse to the first signals with suitable programmes of that .
the also member the system national of researchers he that the burden vehicular is another factor important in the training of pretty and , this , the thick of every one of the drainage the pavimento must go always in relationship with the burden vehicular and ensure that having , for avoid that train pretty emotionally .
raphael herrera warned that still there lot which investigate and work on the stains , example , the emulsiones asfálticas , which in other countries already are even in the market and it reparar the pretty with easily and need of use high temperatures .
¿ what you meet to the cresson the valley for be the new señorita colombia ?
analysis of the factors which incidieron for that melina ramírez serna not alcanzara the nickel of señorita colombia .
the valley receives their title number 14 of princess .
of new the valley the cauca is with the wish of the nickel of señorita colombia .
this time melina ramírez serna had that shaping with be in the podio of ganadoras , lucir the nickel of silver and the bandwidth which acreditan as new princess of colombia .
with the result agonising anoche in cartagena , where the señorita atlantic alzó with the nickel and the cetro , the department already adds 14 titles of princess and melina a to the legion of women vallecaucanas which have been closely of the nickel but that were proclamas princesas between them of ospina benoit ( 1947 ) , clara domínguez borrero ( 1949 ) , from bellini ayala ( 1979 ) , was álvarez ( 1981 ) , rose mary alzate ( 1983 ) , olga maría arenas ( 1987 ) , leila blanque ( 1988 ) , mónica evers ( 1989 ) , maría consuela pinedo ( 1990 ) , diana isabel romero ( 1993 ) , giselle garcés aljure ( 2000 ) , catalina giraldo ( 2007 ) , stephanie garcés aljure ( 2008 ) .
=======
if like of stains that difundirían still best , did the engineering chemical .
on the carpeta asfáltica , abundó , put a last layer called carpeta of rodadura , the which is pale of a material of stone fine , is say , a bit also baña in stains .
as is of the layer is to be in contact with the llantas of the vehicles , must have more force mechanics that the carpeta asfáltica and provide fricción in the way .
the be the part the pavimento is to receive and salvage the efforts , the carpeta of rodadura required , also , have the thick appropriate and must are the material the is pale .
the climate , especially the moisture and the shift of temperature , also are a factor very important to be , in special the water , said , because affects significantly the course of the carpeta asfáltica .
when the ground humedece , the water disseminate in the interior of the carpeta and is difficult that have , this results a reblandecimiento of all the drainage the pavimento and , what therefore , the training of pretty .
in the process of training of a bache , said , the first in desgastarse is the film of rodamiento and only after affects the carpeta asfáltica , but the damage not happens instantáneamente , but is a process should atenderse to the first signals with suitable programmes of peacekeeping .
the also member the system national of researchers explain that the burden vehicular is another factor important in the training of pretty and , , the thick of every one of the drainage the pavimento must go always in relationship with the burden vehicular and ensure that having , to avoid that train pretty emotionally .
raphael herrera warned that still there a investigate and work on the stains , example , the emulsiones asfálticas , in other countries already are even in the market and is reparar the pretty with easily and need of use highest temperatures .
¿ what you meet to the cresson the valley to be the new señorita colombia ?
analysis of the factors incidieron to that melina ramírez serna not alcanzara the nickel of señorita colombia .
the valley receives their title number 14 of princess .
of new the valley the cauca is with the politics of the nickel of señorita colombia .
this time melina ramírez serna had that shaping with be in the podio of ganadoras , lucir the nickel of silver and the broadband it acreditan as new princess of colombia .
with the result agonising anoche in cartagena , where the señorita atlantic alzó with the nickel and the cetro , the department already adds 14 titles of princess and melina a to the legion of women vallecaucanas have been closely of the nickel but that were proclamas princesas between them of ospina benoit ( 1947 ) , clara domínguez borrero ( 1949 ) , from bellini ayala ( 1979 ) , daewoo álvarez ( 1981 ) , rose mary alzate ( 1983 ) , olga maría arenas ( 1987 ) , leila blanque ( 1988 ) , mónica evers ( 1989 ) , maría consuela pinedo ( 1990 ) , diana isabel romero ( 1993 ) , giselle garcés aljure ( 2000 ) , catalina giraldo ( 2007 ) , stephanie garcés aljure ( 2008 ) .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
today the great question that many do is ¿ what meet ?
because the result represents the defeat of a great favorita in every presentation proved that she had everything to be the new señorita colombia , not in vain was elected lies of the police and best face jolie of vogue , titles were reinas as taliana vargas or natalia navarro who were the nickel of señorita colombia .
the first factor as key in the decision took the jury of designarla first princess plays in that not convenció with their answer to the question &quot; ¿ what is that book you has separated to you and what ? pale martín murillo gómez , of the carreta literaria leamos .
the interrrogante the vallecaucana did :
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; read much , i quite in the literature , i that is a way of culturalizarse , definitely i that the book which i espoused of childhood is &quot; the principito &quot; , is a book quite their .
currently read &quot; crime and punishment &quot; , is a book of literature universal which all we read ; and today in day am read the book of irene nemirovski , a russian , a book hermosísimo which is &quot; the ardor of the blood &quot; &quot; .
a answer which little was first the term &quot; culturalizarse &quot; and second not explain of way particular of what way every one of the books which citó the have debates .
but at conclude the ceremony melina manifested sentirse relaxed and happy with the result &quot; the universe is sabio is what which has that to .
and for all the people , favour read a poquito , &quot; the principito &quot; is a great book &quot;
between the hipótesis been says that to valley quemó the favoritismo .
a journalist bogotano insinuó that the be the theories , the ovacionada and the cresson which was all the prizes hypothetical ( challenge of gastronomía oster , vote the public the best suit notions , and all mother ) , &quot; that kindled the celos of the other candidate , estresó to the all and that not brilló in the stage &quot; .
and that notó in their first presentation in suit of one in the a the hilton and their two desfiles in the evening of coronación .
although in two lució safe , notó that you missing the force and the impetus which the representatives of magdalena and atlantic deployed .
ariel osorio , journalist the programme &quot; as in home &quot; , the channel rcn did that the fact of that melina would designada princess &quot; fallen that the cresson which more prizes earns during the contest not is as lies &quot; .
=======
&quot; read much , i quite in the literature , i that is a way of culturalizarse , definitely i that the book i espoused of childhood is &quot; the principito &quot; , is a book quite shared .
currently read &quot; crime and punishment &quot; , is a book of literature universal all must read ; and today in day am read the book of irene nemirovski , a russian , a book hermosísimo is &quot; the ardor of the blood &quot; &quot; .
a answer little was first the term &quot; culturalizarse &quot; and second not explain of way particular of what way every one of the books citó the have separated .
but at conclude the ceremony melina manifested sentirse relaxed and happy with the result &quot; the universe is sabio is what has that happen .
and to the the people , favour read a poquito , &quot; the principito &quot; is a great book &quot;
between the hipótesis outer says that to valley it quemó the favoritismo .
a journalist bogotano insinuó that the be the respected , the ovacionada and the cresson was all the prizes hypothetical ( challenge of gastronomía oster , vote the public the best suit once , and lies mother ) , &quot; that kindled the celos of the other candidate , estresó to the lies and that not brilló in the stage &quot; .
and that notó in their first presentation in suit of bathing in the beach the hilton and their two desfiles in the evening of coronación .
although in both lució safe , notó that you missing the force and the impetus the representatives of magdalena and atlantic deployed .
ariel osorio , journalist the programme &quot; as in home &quot; , the channel rcn did that the fact of that melina would designada princess &quot; fallen that the cresson more prizes earns for the contest not is as lies &quot; .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
also , valley was to what last very esquiva with the press , and equivocó .
one hipótesis is that valley not issued convince the jury on their interest to the work social , is in last , the essence the contest national of beauty .
something , two days before of the election the jury international lucy doughty manifested that them buscaban a woman comprometida with the needs social of their pais .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; the beauty single not enough in a miss colombia , there that look region beyond of what physical and look in their sensitivity social , that before of imply the contest are already involucradas in projects &quot; , he .
also especula that valley pecó their achievements in the derriere and the fibrosis which you notaba in their abdomen , but is contradictorio therefore precisely the jury the was as the cresson &apos; beauty natural &apos; with the body more healthy , good food and work physical responsible .
the preparador of reinas borg hernán orozco recognised that melina not had the best body , which had best , &quot; but their problem of fibrosis in the abdomen , which the truth for my not was very notoria , you bowed points in the last day &quot; .
between therefore the journalist guido hoyos , of the magazine cromos as that the mistake of the vallecaucana were the speeches quirúrgicas which practicó .
&quot; the cirugías are well , but valley not it do .
their body never was their as and here cobraron &quot; .
this prize , which first time entrega the contest national of the beauty , after the parade in suit of one about a vaticinio which anoche perform , therefore said that this was the contentillo which raymundo you concedía to melina for not you the will of the nickel .
reality or not , what true is that melina since today starts a year of reinado , not as sovereign , but as princess , position which you offered the possibility of represent to colombia in one of the certámenes international designation the own contest national .
however , it will to the history as a of the reinas which to despite of their arrollador step cartagena , you was esquiva the nickel .
was the work the caleño which designated the cadáver of alfonso cano
a lofoscopista of cali happened to the history as the man which this the death of &quot; alfonso cano &quot; .
the work of these officials is key .
the last 4 of november a lofoscopista the cti of cali happened to the history as the man which this the identity the the head of the farc : &quot; alfonso cano &quot; , to through the cotejo of their fingerprinting digital .
of the seven lofoscopistas which laboran in the seccional the cti , that week you tocaba the time of &quot; availability &quot; to eliazar gonzález , a man of port tejada which has 21 years working in the area of research legal .
the to their career , gonzález worked in municipalities the chocó , where many sometimes had that internarse more of five days in the jungle for to the website in the which were the bodies which be be identificados .
in the 2000 found to the capital the valley and , then of to the courses appropriate , especializó in lofoscopia , which is the study of the fur of fricción , is say , of the palmas of the hands and of the feet .
the week the operational against alias alfonso cano to eliazar you warned that on clothes minimum for three days .
something large you expected .
the friday in the night went for the cauca in a hawk since palmira .
was that should identify two bodies and which sospechaba that one of them was the man which respected to the guerrilla more former the world , what which you at that on the card decadactilar of guillermo was sáenz ( their real name ) .
however , when came with the team of research the website in the which was the cadáver not recognised their aspect physical , therefore was very different the that had seen in the media of communication .
was barba , a as a bewilderment of the area , glasses and much more young .
but the fingerprinting not mienten .
linked of a lupa galtoniana , tinta , a transplantador and a linterna , eliazar comparó the from fingerprints the cadáver with the of the card .
their eye not you falló : was &quot; alfonso cano &quot; .
that same night , the man oriundo of port tejada was the responsible of confirmarle the minister of defence , john iv pinzón , which itself was the the head of the farc .
in search of the left
for a dactiloscopista of the sijín of cali the recognition which was the president john manuel resort to eliazar gonzález , in the wheel of press the operational against &quot; cano &quot; , is very significant .
very people not known our work .
the dactiloscopia is a science accurate , for of mistake , which can to to be key in the resolution of crimes .
apart of the identification of bodies , the lofoscopistas support research crimes as hurto and murder and bear the identity of the people capturadas .
when arrested , many criminals have cédulas wishful or not have papers .
us them we the impression dactilar and the look in the basis of data .
the researchers chamber that , in a case of hurto , you tocó denied a part of wall of a home , therefore in that place the do had supported their hand for from a box strong full of joyas and money .
&quot; the walls are difficult because not are land apropiadas for from a impression dactilar , but in that case we obtain the left of all the hand and identify at criminal , which had participated in different hurtos &quot; , reminded .
the fingerprinting also can seeking or reaffirm acts in cases of murder .
=======
&quot; the beauty single not is in a miss colombia , there that look region beyond of what physical and look in their sensitivity social , that before of imply the contest are already involucradas in projects &quot; , explain .
also especula that valley pecó their flaws in the derriere and the fibrosis you notaba in their abdomen , but is contradictorio because precisely the jury the was as the cresson &apos; beauty natural &apos; with the body more healthy , good food and work physical responsible .
the preparador of reinas borg hernán orozco recognised that melina not had the best body , had best , &quot; but their problem of fibrosis in the abdomen , the truth to my not was very notoria , you bowed points in the last day &quot; .
between therefore the journalist guido hoyos , of the magazine cromos as that the mistake of the vallecaucana were the speeches quirúrgicas practicó .
&quot; the cirugías are well , but valley not was do .
their body never was their as and here it cobraron &quot; .
this prize , first time entrega the contest national of the beauty , after the parade in suit of bathing did a vaticinio anoche perform , because said that this was the contentillo raymundo you concedía to melina to not should the will of the nickel .
reality or not , what true is that melina since today starts a year of reinado , not as sovereign , but as princess , position you offered the possibility of represent to colombia in one of the certámenes international designation the own contest national .
however , she will to the history as a of the reinas to despite of their arrollador step cartagena , you was esquiva the nickel .
was the work the caleño designated the cadáver of alfonso cano
a lofoscopista of cali happened to the history as the man confirmed the death of &quot; alfonso cano &quot; .
the work of these officials is key .
the last 4 of november a lofoscopista the cti of cali happened to the history as the man confirmed the identity the full head of the farc : &quot; alfonso cano &quot; , to through the cotejo of their fingerprints digital .
of the seven lofoscopistas laboran in the seccional the cti , week you tocaba the time of &quot; availability &quot; to eliazar gonzález , a man of port tejada has 21 years working in the area of research legal .
the to their career , gonzález worked in municipalities the chocó , where many times had that internarse more of five days in the jungle to come the website in the were the bodies be be identificados .
in the 2000 found to the capital the valley and , then of be the courses appropriate , especializó in lofoscopia , is the study of the fur of fricción , is say , of the palmas of the hands and of the feet .
the week the operational against alias alfonso cano to eliazar you warned that bring clothes minimum to three days .
something large you expected .
the friday in the night went to the cauca in a hawk since palmira .
was that should identify two bodies and sospechaba that one of them was the man respected to the guerrilla more former the world , what you were that bring the card decadactilar of guillermo lion sáenz ( their real name ) .
however , when was with the team of research the website in the was the cadáver not recognised their aspect physical , because was very different the that had seen in the media of communication .
was barba , reasonable as a bewilderment of the area , glasses and much more young .
but the fingerprints not mienten .
linked of a lupa galtoniana , tinta , a transplantador and a linterna , eliazar comparó the fingerprints fingerprints the cadáver with the of the card .
their eye not you falló : was &quot; alfonso cano &quot; .
same night , the man oriundo of port tejada was the responsible of confirmarle minister of defence , john iv pinzón , itself was the full head of the farc .
in search of the imprint
to a dactiloscopista of the sijín of cali the recognition was the president john manuel resort to eliazar gonzález , in the wheel of press the operational against &quot; cano &quot; , is very significant .
a people not known our work .
the dactiloscopia is a science accurate , margin of mistake , can come to be key in the resolution of crimes .
apart of the identification of bodies , the lofoscopistas support research crimes as hurto and murder and bear the identity of the people capturadas .
when arrested , many criminals have cédulas wishful or not have papers .
us them we the impression dactilar and the look in the basis of data .
the researchers counted that , in a case of hurto , you tocó denied a part of wall of a home , because in that place the aymara had supported their hand to from a box strong full of joyas and money .
&quot; the walls are difficult because not are land apropiadas to from a impression dactilar , but in that case we obtain the imprint of the the hand and identify at criminal , had participated in different hurtos &quot; , reminded .
the fingerprints also can seeking or reaffirm acts in cases of murder .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
ago little found to a man dead , with cabin of licor to their around .
of the research determinó that a family could be using the crime and , indeed , a imprint in the bottleneck coincidía .
although this not does that has been the murderer , ubica in the scene the crime .
a dactiloscopista the cti explain that in the items &quot; the fingerprints sacan with reactivos chemical or physical &quot; .
when receiving , used a transplantador or tape to levantarlas .
then of this , the fingerprints are settlement to the asif , is the basis of data delincuencial , or to the registraduría .
&quot; the problem is that still there many columbians xenophobic &quot; , expressed the expert the cti .
aclaró that not all is as shows in the programme of television csi .
<<<<<<< HEAD
as not all what which which is gold , not all what which it again left .
however , if can be usada , if of the cotejo dynamic .
=======
as not all what make is gold , not all what is again imprint .
however , if can be usada , if do the cotejo dynamic .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the &quot; indignados &quot; defy to authorities in new york
hundreds of demonstrators get to the square zuccotti to acampar .
a great part atendió the order of desalojo and found to a paruqe have .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the those the movement ocupa wall street desafiaron this tuesday to the authorities of new york the try of into of new , under the under of a order legal , to the square of manhattan of where were desalojados of attempt and the try of should another park of the britain manzana .
hundreds of demonstrators get to the square zuccotti , where wanted access thanks to a order legal which allows to the &quot; indignados &quot; to to acampar in the place , while which another part the movement did the desalojo may a park more the north of the city , where has there new arrests .
&quot; our idea is that , if the court not we allows to to acampar in the square , we we to installing in some another place and continuaremos the battle legal to to zuccotti , as to through of sentadas and demonstrations peaceful &quot; , said one of the for the movement &quot; ocupa wall street &quot; , mark bray .
bray detalló that the answer of the &quot; indignados &quot; the desalojo of their camp dictated personally the mayor of new york , michael bloomberg , came to the courts , where the jueza lucy billings issued a order which prohibía the evacuation forzosa the place and did to the demonstrators to be acampados .
also , the &quot; indignados &quot; procedieron to the occupation of a new park a in the confluencia of the céntricas channel street and the sexta avenida , very closely of the entry the tunnel holland , which unite new york and new jersey , and property of the used of trinity church .
the least during a time overpower should the place , but after the police turned and were to stop to some of the demonstrators , although bray not could confirm the figure concrete , while assured to efe which was to several journalists that were also esposados .
the organisation are that are several hundreds of people the which had installed in that point , where already has desplazado a delegation of leaders religious in one of support to the those the movement and which has with of mediar with the police .
between therefore , the square zuccotti -que is a recinto of property privada- still closed to the waiting of the since of a view legal measures for this same tuesday in the which must analyse the legality of the evacuation of this attempt .
some of the demonstrators desplazados to portaban and repartían to these hours millions of that order legal and even the entregaban to the players which custodiaban the square , what which was &quot; some small clashes &quot; , pressed bray , who deplored that some uniforms propinaron coups to the demonstrators .
the order legal prevents to the authorities desalojar to the member of ocupa wall street or apply &quot; laws that publicaron after of that mismanage the occupation or ban to the demonstrators access of new the park with shops or other properties which using previously &quot; .
the mayor bloomberg pressed to the press that , because to that order legal , the city had suspended the reapertura the space the public and to the demonstrators , to the which alerted , however , which the laws local not them it them to installing with shops of campaign and sacks of taking .
the regidor for personally the desalojo open to out of attempt of the square zuccotti , a operation in the which were to around of 200 arrests and which decided because the demonstrators were &quot; continue the law &quot; .
bloomberg he that was the order of evacuar the square because this was becoming &quot; in a place in the which the people not venían to protest , but to respect the laws and , in some cases , to do damage to other people &quot; , already which &quot; some business habían reimbursed threats &quot; and the neighbours temían &quot; their quality of life &quot; .
&quot; the desalojo of this attempt was asqueroso and shows that in the fund bloomberg is more interested in preserving the interests financial which the of the workers american &quot; , added the spokesman the movement , who was the mayor of &quot; faltar the respect to the freedom of expression &quot; .
the those of &quot; ocupa wall street &quot; indicaron also that think organise &quot; large actions &quot; for the thursday in cooperation with organisations comunitarias and trade , for commemorate the two months that takes the protests , that started the 17 of september .
=======
the those the movement ocupa wall street desafiaron this tuesday to the authorities of new york the try of into of new , under the under of a order legal , to the square of manhattan of where were desalojados of attempt and try of should another park of the britain manzana .
hundreds of demonstrators get to the square zuccotti , where wanted access thanks to a order legal allows to the &quot; indignados &quot; return to acampar in the place , while another part the movement did the desalojo may a park more north of the city , where has there new arrests .
&quot; our idea is that , if the court not we allows return to acampar in the square , we we to installing in some another place and continuaremos the battle legal return to zuccotti , as to through of sentadas and demonstrations peaceful &quot; , said one of the speakers the movement &quot; ocupa wall street &quot; , mark bray .
bray detalló that the answer of the &quot; indignados &quot; the desalojo of their camp dictated personally the mayor of new york , michael bloomberg , was to the courts , where the jueza lucy billings issued a order prohibía the evacuation forzosa the place and did to the demonstrators to is acampados .
also , the &quot; indignados &quot; procedieron to the occupation of a new park in the confluencia of the céntricas channel street and the sexta avenida , very closely of the entry tunnel holland , unite new york and new jersey , and property of the used of trinity church .
the least for a time overpower should the place , but after the police turned and arrested to stop to some of the demonstrators , although bray not could confirm the figure concrete , while was to efe was to several journalists that were also esposados .
the organisation is that are several hundreds of people the had been in that point , where already has desplazado a delegation of leaders religious in indication of support to the those the movement and has with of mediar with the police .
between therefore , the square zuccotti -que is a recinto of property privada- is closed to the waiting of the since of a view legal due to this same tuesday in the must analyse the legality of the evacuation of this attempt .
some of the demonstrators desplazados to portaban and repartían to these hours millions of order legal and even the entregaban to the players custodiaban the square , what was &quot; some small clashes &quot; , expressed bray , who deplored that some uniforms propinaron coups to the demonstrators .
the order legal prevents to the authorities desalojar to the member of ocupa wall street or apply &quot; laws that publicaron after of that mismanage the occupation or ban to the demonstrators access of new park with shops or other properties using previously &quot; .
the mayor bloomberg expressed to the press that , because to order legal , the city had suspended the reapertura the space public and to the demonstrators , to the alerted , however , the laws local not them is go to installing with shops of campaign and sacks of taking .
the regidor campaigned personally the desalojo successful to out of attempt of the square zuccotti , a operation in the arrested to around of 200 arrests and decided because the demonstrators were &quot; continue the law &quot; .
bloomberg explain that was the order of evacuar the square because this was becoming &quot; in a place in the the people not venían to protest , but to have the laws and , in some cases , to do damage to other people &quot; , already &quot; some business habían reimbursed threats &quot; and the neighbours temían &quot; their quality of life &quot; .
&quot; the desalojo of this attempt was asqueroso and shows that in the fund bloomberg is more interested in preserving the interests financial the of the workers american &quot; , added the spokesman the movement , who was the mayor of &quot; faltar the respect to the freedom of expression &quot; .
the those of &quot; ocupa wall street &quot; indicaron also that think organise &quot; large actions &quot; to the thursday in cooperation with organisations comunitarias and trade , to commemorate the two months that takes the protests , that started the 17 of september .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
pamela anderson will the desecration maría in a special navideño of television
bigger to michael bublé and other leading canadians , will in the programme of television &quot; it &apos; at to russell peters christmas &quot; the next 1 of december
the canadiense pamela anderson has been the assistant of bennett allen in &quot; home improvement &quot; , socorrista in &quot; baywatch &quot; , conejita of &quot; playboy &quot; , the wife the musician of diplomat tommy yew and now , the actress and model will the desecration maría in a particular of christmas of the television canadian .
the channel private of television ctv announced today that anderson , with with the &quot; crooner &quot; ( baladista ) michael bublé and other leading canadians , will in the programme of television &quot; it &apos; at to russell peters christmas &quot; the next 1 of december giving life to a very particular desecration maría .
<<<<<<< HEAD
ctv distribuyó today images the programme of television in the which anderson , also known the wider distribution in internet of a video casero pornographic in the which is with with their then bearing , the battery of &quot; mötley crüe &quot; , tommy yew , is vestida as the desecration maría quo in a pesebre a muñeco which represents to jesus .
in the scene , peters , a known cómico canadiense of origin indian which recently actuó as presentador in part of the about &quot; mercy violent torpedo of truth &quot; of charlie sheen , is as josé .
also of anderson and peters , the special navideño of ctv has with the berber canadian bublé , which to end of march married in aires with the model kirchner luisana lopilato , and that not is strange to the controversy .
recently , bublé phoned &quot; zorra &quot; to the estadounidense kim kardashian during one of their concerts in new york .
japan renace after the earthquake
the gdp overall a 1,5 % thanks the consumption successful and being end to the spiral of caídas which set in march
since the last month of march the economy japanese was paralysed , still convaleciente the devastating earthquake that became in a crisis nuclear , the worst disaster which padeció the country nipón since the ii war world .
the first estimates the government of tokio cifraron the losses are in 300.000 million of dollars , a coup which , despite the difficult context world , seems have atenuado .
after of three trimestres consecutivos of caídas , the fact the product interior bruto between july and september was for to website , definitely : the gdp incrementó a 1,5 % in compared with the quarter previous and a 6 % in rate anualizada .
the as in the second quarter - for the japanese , the year tax begins in march of 2012 - is , also , the greater pace of growth since the period of january to march of 2010 .
the recovery explains , in part , the repunte of the buying of machinery for restored the areas asoladas the seísmo and the of tsunami .
of done , the companies by their investment in a 1,1 % , with the declining the 0,9 % in expenditure of capital which observed of january to march , the first positions after of six months of hikes ininterrumpidas .
however , the real revulsivo of the economy japanese not on exclusively in the momentum he which foot to take the crisis for strengthen - or rebuild - the infrastructure , servirse of the shortcomings for grow since zero .
japan has reawakened , on all , thanks to the development the consumption successful , which in the today represents the 60 % the gdp japonés .
=======
ctv distribuyó today images the programme of television in the anderson , also known the wider distribution in internet of a video casero pornographic in the is with with their then husband , the battery of &quot; mötley crüe &quot; , tommy yew , is vestida as the desecration maría is in a pesebre a muñeco represents to jesus .
in the scene , peters , a known cómico canadiense of origin indian recently actuó as presentador in part of the about &quot; mercy violent torpedo of truth &quot; of charlie sheen , is as josé .
also of anderson and peters , the special navideño of ctv has with the berber canadian bublé , to end of march married in aires with the model various luisana lopilato , and that not is strange to the controversy .
recently , bublé phoned &quot; zorra &quot; to the estadounidense kim kardashian for one of their concerts in new york .
japan renace after the earthquake
the gdp overall a 1,5 % thanks the consumption successful and being end to the spiral of caídas set in march
since the last month of march the economy japanese was paralysed , still convaleciente the mention earthquake that became in a crisis nuclear , the worst disaster padeció the country nipón since the ii war world .
the first estimates the government of tokio cifraron the losses substantial in 300.000 million of dollars , a coup , despite the difficult context global , seems have atenuado .
after of three trimestres consecutivos of caídas , the fact the product interior bruto between july and september was to happen website , definitely : the gdp incrementó a 1,5 % in compared with the quarter previous and a 6 % in rate anualizada .
the other in the second quarter - to the japanese , the year fiscal begins in march of 2012 - is , also , the greater pace of growth since the period of january to march of 2010 .
the recovery is , in part , the repunte of the shopping of machinery to restored the areas asoladas the seísmo and the of tsunami .
of done , the companies increased their investment in a 1,1 % , with the drop the 0,9 % in expenditure of capital observed of january to march , the first areas after of six months of hikes ininterrumpidas .
however , the real revulsivo of the economy japanese not is exclusively in the momentum new foot to take the crisis to strengthen - or rebuild - the infrastructure , servirse of the shortcomings to grow since zero .
japan has reawakened , on all , thanks to the development the consumption successful , in the today represents the 60 % the gdp japonés .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
this one escaló a 1 % , empujada the increase the expenditure in vehicles , travel and activities of leisure .
the stigma the yen
tokio has encomendado market internal , when the yen - the currency nipona - has become in one of the &quot; values refuge &quot; escogidos the investors fleeing of the crisis of debt in the area euro and the shady forecasts of ee.uu. , a privilege pesa as a losa in the accounts of the companies exportadoras .
with a motto more strong , the products are more expensive in the abroad , a serious reverse to a country whose line of flotación economic next certain the health of the large groups behavioural .
toyota or sony , example , achacaron their weak results between july and september to the prices the yen .
while the markets are with their asedio to the countries troubled of the eu , the government of yoshihiko noda not baja the issues .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; there that be vigilant to the risks which resolved , as the deterioration of some economies foreign , the impact of the floods of thailand and the quick opinion the yen &quot; , pointed yesterday the secretary of state of policy economic , motohisa furukawa .
=======
&quot; there that be vigilant to the risks resolved , as the deterioration of some economies foreign , the impact of the floods of thailand and the quick opinion the yen &quot; , pointed yesterday the secretary of state of policy economic , motohisa furukawa .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
and , in effect , the prospects not are encouraging .
the organisation to the cooperation and the development economic ( oecd ) precisó that the majority of the countries member tabled in september signs more nítidos of realm economic .
the indicator anticipa the points of turning in the economy global brought of highlighted that the main powers are frenando .
already bowed four décimas to the 100,4 points , with to the 100,8 of august .
the area euro , even , situó below of the average , is in the level 100 , at precipitarse eight décimas to the 99,13 points .
athens again to feeding the doubt
papadimos says that aprobarán the adjustments , but the conservatives not firmarán no compromise writing
<<<<<<< HEAD
with the premiums of risk peripheral disparadas and the uncertainty reinstalada in the parqués , greece still enredando in the laberinto which leads towards the exit of the great crisis of debt european .
the that of that the &quot; consensus &quot; the new government of transition heleno next more tax the demands of brussels which a genuine others of the forces political begins to confirmarse with facts .
while the new first minister , lukas papadimos , advertía yesterday that not there alternative for the reforms structural and that the period of hundred days agreed in their designation perhaps there short for tools , the leader the party conservative new democracy , antonis samaras , aseguraba that not respaldará new measures of austerity in no case and reiteró their demand of new elections for the date measures , the 19 of february .
&quot; the main task of this government is apply the decisions of the summit the 26 of october &quot; , aseveró papadimos the open yesterday a debate parliamentary that culminate tomorrow with a vote of confidence the new executive .
a package with 24 programmes for promote the employment , the reform the code disciplined of the officials and new measures against the evasion prosecutor will the first initiatives .
however , the message of samaras not despeja the doubt on their position : &quot; we we committed to help the government of transition , but not we we committed to nothing more &quot; .
the leader conservative was a pasito more far in their pulso to the eu and the imf , the bodies which must desbloquear the 8.000 million which athens needs with urgent , and he course that not will their light good to no letter of compromise of get of the adjustments .
but the commission european , escocida still the impact apologise the órdago the referendum of papandreu , reiteró yesterday that their demand is resumed : not desbloqueará the aid if the new government and the leaders of the main parties helenos not firman &quot; a compromise writing ambiguity and what before possible &quot; .
the spokesman of affairs mep , amadeu altafaj , he that the inspectors of the kinshasa regresarán &quot; very soon &quot; to athens for be with the new government &quot; what which needs for pay the sixth by &quot; of 8.000 million , although not there date final .
the madeja greek still has balance for member .
lady sofia : &quot; are instruments for the progress and the hope &quot;
the lies emphasised the place &quot; preponderante &quot; of spain in relationship to this kind of finance
spain &quot; has reached a place preponderante to level world in the role of the microfinanzas &quot; .
the lies lady sofia reminded yesterday that the country has become in these two last decades in the second donor the with in relationship to this intrumento of cooperation , whose &quot; essence &quot; pointed that as in be a &quot; instrument for the progress social , the justice and the hope of a future best for all the humanity , based in the confidence in the be human &quot; .
the all refers yesterday the greens summit world the microcrédito in valladolid with the others of which &quot; not there doubt &quot; of that is kind of operations are &quot; absolutely viable &quot; for achieve the objectives the millennium schedules nations un with horizon 2015 , and , &quot; very especially , in started which has as target the reduction to the half the volume of people which live with income lower to a dolar every , with in the which set the &quot; threshold of poverty &quot; .
spain &quot; still working &quot; for broadened the network of beneficiaries &quot; to all the they the planet , and moderating this task with &quot; responsibility &quot; , pointed lady sofia , which expectation that the initiatives and contributions which originen in the summit , which prolongará to the thursday , &quot; calling the creation of new capacities and best opportunities for the more poor , and on all for the women &quot; , main beneficiarias of these loans .
are &quot; many the achievements alcanzados &quot; and &quot; many the challenges to the which we faced &quot; .
the summit the microcredit with not only as a forum of debate , but also as the platform since the which promote &quot; two metas terms &quot; .
, their majestad he that is to that to end of 2015 are 175 the million of families poor which have accedido to these services financial and that hikes million of these who not the threshold of poverty in the which are ragamuffin .
the momentum in the view of the microcréditos in spain and in the rest the world &quot; has followed the schedule generated ago years of way europe &quot; muhammad yunus , resalto lady sofia as a &quot; act of justice and recognition due &quot; .
and is that described the father of this tool as a &quot; idealistic admirable in the cause universal of the fight against the poverty &quot; , whose work known since ago 15 years , when the lies was to bangladesh for know on the ground their policy of loans .
to this experience you followed a year more later the first summit world in washington and other events as the celebrados in at of place in 1999 , canada 2006 , and &quot; in all i been conference the continual development &quot; , he their majestad , whose link with this project you sway yesterday the calificativo of the &quot; head of family &quot; congregada in valladolid part the &quot; baquero of the poor &quot; .
finally , the lies lady sofia brought their intervention animando to the anybody to participate in the debate and in the search of solutions for move in the fight against the poverty .
=======
with the premiums of risk peripheral disparadas and the uncertainty reinstalada in the parqués , greece is enredando in the laberinto leads to the exit of the great crisis of debt european .
the feeling of that the &quot; consensus &quot; the new government of transition heleno next more tax the demands of brussels a genuine others of the forces political begins to confirmarse with facts .
while the new first minister , lukas papadimos , advertía yesterday that not there alternative to the reforms structural and that the period of hundred days agreed in their designation perhaps be short to tools , the leader the party conservative new democracy , antonis samaras , aseguraba that not respaldará new measures of austerity in no case and reiteró their demand of new elections to the date due , the 19 of february .
&quot; the main task of this government is apply the decisions of the summit the 26 of october &quot; , aseveró papadimos the open yesterday a debate parliamentary that culminate tomorrow with a vote of confidence new executive .
a package with 24 programmes to promote the employment , the reform the code past of the officials and new measures against the evasion prosecutor will the first initiatives .
however , the message of samaras not despeja the doubt on their position : &quot; we have committed to help government of transition , but not we have committed to nothing more &quot; .
the leader conservative was a pasito more far in their pulso to the eu and the imf , the bodies must desbloquear the 8.000 million athens needs with urgent , and he that not will their light good to no letter of compromise of enforcement of the adjustments .
but the commission european , escocida still the impact noise the órdago the referendum of papandreu , reiteró yesterday that their demand is firm : not desbloqueará the aid if the new government and the leaders of the main parties helenos not firman &quot; a compromise writing ambiguity and what before possible &quot; .
the spokesman of affairs mep , amadeu altafaj , explain that the inspectors of the kinshasa regresarán &quot; very soon &quot; to athens to be with the new government &quot; what needs to pay the sixth by &quot; of 8.000 million , although not there date final .
the madeja greek still has balance to member .
lady sofia : &quot; are instruments to the progress and the hope &quot;
the lies emphasised the place &quot; preponderante &quot; of spain in relationship to this kind of finance
spain &quot; has reached a place preponderante to level global in the role of the microfinanzas &quot; .
the lies lady sofia reminded yesterday that the country has become in these two last decades in the second donor the with in relationship to this intrumento of cooperation , whose &quot; essence &quot; pointed that plays in be a &quot; instrument to the progress social , the justice and the hope of a future best to the the humanity , based in the confidence in the be human &quot; .
the lies refers yesterday the greens summit world the microcrédito in valladolid with the others of &quot; not there doubt &quot; of that is kind of operations are &quot; absolutely viable &quot; to achieve the objectives the millennium where nations un with horizon 2015 , and , &quot; very especially , in started has as target the reduction to the half the volume of people live with income lower to a dolar every , with in the set the &quot; threshold of poverty &quot; .
spain &quot; is working &quot; to broadened the network of beneficiaries &quot; to all the corners the planet , and moderating this task with &quot; responsibility &quot; , pointed lady sofia , made that the initiatives and contributions originen in the summit , prolongará to the thursday , &quot; calling the creation of new capacities and best opportunities to the more poor , and on all to the women &quot; , main beneficiarias of these loans .
are &quot; many the achievements alcanzados &quot; and &quot; many the challenges to the we faced &quot; .
the summit the microcredit with not only as a forum of debate , but also as the platform since the promote &quot; two metas in &quot; .
, their majestad explain that is to that to final of 2015 are 175 the million of families poor have accedido to these services financial and that startling million of these homes take the threshold of poverty in the are become .
the momentum in the view of the microcréditos in spain and in the rest the world &quot; has followed the schedule by ago years of way europe &quot; muhammad yunus , resalto lady sofia as a &quot; act of justice and recognition due &quot; .
and is that described the father of this tool as a &quot; idealistic admirable in the cause universal of the fight against the poverty &quot; , whose work known since ago 15 years , when the lies was to bangladesh to know on the ground their policy of loans .
to this experience you followed a year more later the first summit world in washington and other events as the celebrados in coast of place in 1999 , canada 2006 , and &quot; in all i been attended the continual development &quot; , explain their majestad , whose link with this project you sway yesterday the calificativo of the &quot; head of family &quot; congregada in valladolid part the &quot; baquero of the poor &quot; .
finally , the lies lady sofia brought their intervention animando to the anybody to participate in the debate and in the search of solutions to move in the fight against the poverty .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; imperativo ethical &quot;
the minister of affairs foreign , trinidad jiménez , warned that the solidarity &quot; is a imperativo ethical &quot; to all state democratic .
in this sense , likes that would a mistake link the cooperation with paises in ways of development to épocas of bonanza economic , already is a &quot; duty permanent &quot; .
jiménez was that the microcréditos pose &quot; a policy serious and thorough dedicada to eradicate the poverty &quot; , and now &quot; more that never &quot; the governments of countries developed must work under criteria of solidarity and not stop that this be victim of the cuts .
to spain , the microcredit is in &quot; one of the main lines of cooperation development &quot; .
their part , the chairman of state of cooperation international , soraya rodríguez , aplaudió &quot; the success &quot; of give &quot; confidence &quot; to the people &quot; oppressed to who all close the doors &quot; ; and the mayor of valladolid , franz javier lion of the riva , was the welcome to the anybody to a city &quot; opens their doors contagiada the spirit disappointed &quot; .
the cdu proposes choose the president european suffrage universal
<<<<<<< HEAD
the first day the congress of the union cristiano-demócrata ( cdu ) , the monday 14 of november , in leipzig , has appropriations difficulties for merkel merkel , chancellor and madam the party cristiano-demócrata .
initially not had including in the order the day the future of europe , but the issue imposed in autumn , in particular for satisfy to the fighters which feel that the policy the government is currently too little strict with the greeks and could become in a future with the italians .
=======
the first day the congress of the union cristiano-demócrata ( cdu ) , the monday 14 of november , in leipzig , has been difficulties to merkel merkel , chancellor and madam the party cristiano-demócrata .
initially not had including in the order the day the future of europe , but the issue imposed in autumn , in particular to satisfy to the fighters feel that the policy the government is currently too little strict with the greeks and could become in a future with the italians .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the motion on the presidency of the commission european , proposal the direction , adopted virtually unanimity .
of the 1.001 delegates , so only registered nine votes in against and ten abstenciones .
the standing ovation of several minutes ganaron , with their speeches , merkel merkel and , after several hours , wolfgang schäuble , the eurófilo minister of finance , despejan any doubt possible .
the idea key of the chancellor , and of the motion , resumen in a motto : the answer to the crisis &quot; not is least europe , but more europe &quot; .
not only because europe is the peace , but also because &quot; nine million of jobs on directly the euro &quot; .
to the chancellor , &quot; has come the time of open way in europe &quot; .
this could expressed in amendments the treaty of lisbon to allow strengthen the control of the union european on the policies budgetary of the countries of the area the euro , although also could desembocar in the election the president of the commission european suffrage universal to &quot; should a face to europe &quot; .
in all case , that is one of the proposals of the motion adopted the congress , clearly idea of wolfgang schäuble .
doubt , is little likely that the veintisiete come quickly to a agreement on this change radical : britain britain shows hostile to he and the leaders of the cdu seem know that nicolas sarkozy also .
<<<<<<< HEAD
but the court is on the ground .
another hand , the delegates have rejected a majority election the proposal of ponderar the weight of every country of the directive the bank central european in role the weight of every economy , what which obviously reforzaría the weight of germany .
ansiosa calmar the encouraged in the interior of their party , the chancellor has increased the no to konrad adenauer and helmut kohl . but not is that has tried who to their congress to at of the &quot; small &quot; countries european or of the countries in difficulties ready to criticise to the arrogant germany .
although the motion on europe he a paragraph to the importance of &quot; the friendship franco-alemana &quot; , merkel merkel not has mentado to france .
=======
but the demand is on the ground .
another hand , the delegates have rejected a majority overwhelming the proposal of ponderar the weight of every country of the directive the bank central european in role the weight of every economy , what which obviously reforzaría the weight of germany .
ansiosa calmar the encouraged in the interior of their party , the chancellor has increased the reference to konrad adenauer and helmut kohl . but not is that has tried gain to their congress to coast of the &quot; small &quot; countries european or of the countries in difficulties ready to criticise to the arrogant germany .
although the motion on europe spins a paragraph to the importance of &quot; the friendship franco-alemana &quot; , merkel merkel not has mentado to france .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
salvo of last .
thinking that , ago two centuries , in a bloody battle in leipzig .
of done , was one of the derrotas more humiliating to the army of rostopchine .
the impact the fraud in the dribs disease
after the benefits , the ump and the government emprenden a attack against the dribs disease .
<<<<<<< HEAD
nicolas sarkozy will the tuesday 15 of november in bordeaux for visiting a box responsible of the benefits family and use a speech on the issue , already topical since 2007 , of the fight against the fraud social and the ayudantía .
also , for restructure as attack , that part of the will of save of way thorough , but still reminds to a which of the campaign presidential of right , the majority want look in the dribs disease .
in first place , for apply cuts budgetary : the government for impose to the workers the sector private a fourthly day of we before of power catch the involved .
in final , unless that there a convention of company specific , a worker that caiga bout lose four days of wage , is say , a minimum the 15 % of their income month .
is of a measure which could its a wave of ira , but which would save 280 million of eur , according them echos .
also , would accompanied of another measure with a reach more symbolic : impose to the officials a day of we pay in case of involved labour ( to the time , not have we , with to the three days that apply in the sector private ) .
while debaten these issues , the majority again to to on the table also the issue the fraud , this time looking towards the abuses of the dribs labour .
&quot; van to incrementarse significantly the controls and , also , if discover to someone planned a fraud , must reembolsar the cuantías &quot; , warned xavier bertrand talking in the rtl the sunday 13 of november .
the as which in the other cases , the effects the announcement seem slightly desproporcionados for the reality the fraud in on of dribs labour .
of done , since 2002 of a monitoring constant of this question and have it various offensive policies which , normally , have given emerged .
the french not enferman more that in the rest of europe .
=======
nicolas sarkozy will the tuesday 15 of november in bordeaux to visiting a box responsible of the benefits family and pronounce a speech on the issue , already topical since 2007 , of the fight against the fraud social and the ayudantía .
also , to restructure attack , that part of the will of save of way thorough , but still reminds to a which of the campaign presidential of right , the majority want look in the dribs disease .
in first place , to apply cuts budgetary : the government is impose to the workers the sector private a fourth day of we before of power catch the lower .
in final , unless that there a convention of company specific , a worker that caiga diseased lose four days of wage , is say , a minimum the 15 % of their income per .
is of a measure could get a wave of ira , but would save 280 million of eur , according them echos .
also , would accompanied of another measure with a reach more symbolic : impose to the officials a day of we pay in case of lower labour ( to the time , not have we , with to the three days that apply in the sector private ) .
while debaten these issues , the majority again to put on the table also the issue the fraud , this time looking to the abuses of the dribs labour .
&quot; van to incrementarse significantly the controls and , also , if discover to someone planned a fraud , must reembolsar the cuantías &quot; , warned xavier bertrand talking in the rtl the sunday 13 of november .
the as in the other cases , the effects the announcement seem slightly desproporcionados to the reality the fraud in of dribs labour .
of done , since 2002 do a monitoring constant of this question and have masks various more policies , normally , have given as .
the people not enferman more that in the rest of europe .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
handed with attention , in first place , the figures national .
according the institute french of the security social ( cnam ) , in 2006 abonaron more of 237 million of eur in benefits dribs labour .
according the institute french of research and documents in economy of the health , the benefits the dribs representaron , in 2008 , the 5 % the expenditure health , ascendiendo to 11.300 million of eur .
of this sum , the 46 % is to the dribs leave and accidents labour , while the 54 % is related with the dribs disease , figure amounts to 6.200 million of eur .
therefore , the 2,5 % the expenditure in health .
<<<<<<< HEAD
in 2010 , the french have cogido a average of 14,5 days of involved labour , with to 17,8 in 2009 , according a study the group soul consulting .
a average which , doubt , behind government : one survey , published in 2007 the view of management professional monster.com , mostraba that the 75 % of the 40.000 workers french encuestados rushing that not had cogido not a only day of involved disease .
another study , in this case of the assurance maladie , in that in 2010 the 37 % of the dribs disease had a an than to 8 days , the 22 % of between 8 and 14 days , the 15 % of between 15 days and a month , the 15 % of between one and three months and the 11 % were more extended .
if the compared with our neighbours european , the workers french not are more propensos that in other areas to catch dribs disease .
a long study out in 2010 two researchers the cnrs assure that , between 1994 and 2001 , the rate of lack global the work ( therefore reasons of health as of another kind ) oscilaba , in france , between the 10 % and the 11 % , with to a 20 % and a 28 % in denmark , a 15 % in uk uk or between a 16 % and a 18 % in the countries netherlands .
the fraud in the dribs disease not is especially significant in compared with the work not undeclared .
the fraud has a reach quite limited .
the forward of the legislation , since 2002 , has caused that the controls of the dribs disease of more of 45 days are sistemáticos .
in 2008 , of 1,5 million of inspections , the cnam comprobó , in a 13 % of the 285.000 by , which the dribs of shorter an were &quot; unjustified or too we &quot; , is say , 37.050 cases .
in the case of the dribs of more of 45 days , untreated to inspections sistemáticas , was that the 11 % of the cases were &quot; rightly adaptados or injustificados ; a figure which , taking as starting a total of 1,2 million , amounts to 132.000 .
therefore , high a total of 169.000 cases &quot; injustificados &quot; between several million of workers which cogieron a involved disease .
doubt , a figure it in compared , example , with the work in black .
according the member of the ump dominique tian , author of a report on this question in june , that practice will losses of income tax of between 9.000 and 15.000 million of eur the year , is say , more that the cost total of the benefits dribs and , doubt , significantly more that the fraud in this last area .
papadémos : greece must apply a new plan of adjustment
greece will to need a new plan of adjustment for getting their economy .
this is what which declared the monday 14 of november , the prime minister casarini papadémos to the parliament ; added also that hundred days that have granted to their government of union not bastarían for achieve as aim .
&quot; for to efforts which will to the recovery of the economy , need the support of our partners european and a new programme of adjustment budgetary &quot; , declared the head the government , which pronunciaba their first speech public during the opening the debate on the vote of confidence the parliament the wednesday .
the execution of the decisions taken during the summit of the area the euro the 27 of october will the &quot; main task &quot; the new government , since which &quot; is in game &quot; the permanencia the country in the area the euro , added .
in result , papadémos has proves that the deficit public the country will &quot; to around the 9 % &quot; the gdp before of end of year , after achieve a 10,6 % in 2010 and a 15,7 % in 2009 .
the right this new measures of austerity
antonis samaras , the head the group of right , was the monday their support to the measures already regulatory for try get of the crisis of the debt , but has having that their party not comprometerá with measures of austerity additional .
&quot; not vote in favour of new measures &quot; , said during a meeting with the members of their party &quot; new democracy &quot; .
pointed that was of agreement with the objectives of reduction the deficit and of the debt , as of fight against the waste , but in against of any policy which prevent the recovery economic .
to olli rehn , commissioner european of affairs mep and monetarios , which warned of that the imf and the eu not desbloquearían the also of 8.000 million of eur necessary a guarantee written the support of all the parties to the measures will , for samaras has responded that their word would enough and that not firmaría nothing to cause of the pressure external .
a committee of experts says that must legalizarse the euthanasia and the suicide attended
canadians live denied death , according in the report of the society royal of canada
in on of care palliatives , the committee researched that the governments , the institutions of assistance health and the doctors colaboren for ensure the best care palliative , and not only in the cases of cancer .
the society canadian lives denied death .
of done , so only 9 % of the canadians is now to speak with their doctor on the conditions in which want die and take provisions to as effect .
is of one of the conclusions of a tremendous report of the society royal of canada , which chamber with the participation of six experts of various areas , including the ethical , the legal and the doctor .
this committee should i government that are the code criminal of way which enable the suicide attended and the euthanasia , when the patient with that option and has been who responsible for take the decision .
for start , the experts citan a survey recent of the economist chief unit which comparó the quality of the death in 40 countries the world .
although canada taken the tenth since , the study out that &quot; the medicalización of the death in canada has led a culture in the which the people have fear of try the issue of the death &quot; .
with medication or not , the 77 % of the canadians not have access to care palliatives , according show the experts such the society royal of canada .
and , to despite of that the majority of the canadians to die in home , the 68,6 % of them has falleciendo in the hospital .
in whole , the rate more high in this sense with québec , where a 86 % of the deaths is in the hospital .
in what as the delicate issue of the euthanasia and the suicide attended , the authors the report came to conclusions which not obliged with the position the government federal , which already has declared that not to are the code criminal in relationship with the euthanasia and the suicide attended .
however , according the experts , which also have studied the situation in all the countries where these practices have been legalizadas or not are a crime criminal , not there no test of that the fact of that not are considered a crime criminal not has caused a abuse of their implementation , is say , the use of the euthanasia or the suicide attended with people not competent or that not would given their consent .
jocelyn downie , coautora the report , regarding yesterday teleconferencia which , the otherwise , observaban more attacks in those countries where not have legalised the euthanasia not the suicide attended .
&quot; in canada remind the euthanasia , although is clearly illegal &quot; .
&quot; in canada remind the suicide attended , although is clearly illegal &quot; , explains jocelyn downie .
canadians , favourable to the euthanasia
remember that the 85 % of the canadians already have spoken to favour of the euthanasia , since which afghan that would to the people whose death is next alleviate their suffering , according in a survey of angus reid so in 2010 .
also , the 66 % believe that the fact of legalising the euthanasia not will to understand that the life of the people elderly or with has least value .
in as to the people which have practicado the suicide attended , the 41 % of the encuestados view that not should a process against them .
in relationship with the that or interruption of the assistance health to a patient , the situation not is so clear , according show the authors the report .
also , between their recommendations suggest that include in the code criminal which the withdrawal of the care health , if have rejected legally , not is a crime criminal .
the committee of experts calls also that forme to the professionals health in the duty of respect the fact of that a patient rejection the assistance the end of their life fear to face to a concession .
in on of care palliatives , the committee researched that the governments , the institutions of assistance health and the doctors colaboren for ensure the best care palliative , and not only in the cases of cancer .
last , in relationship with the sedating palliative or terminal , which already used extensamente in the institutions health of canada , the committee calls that , unless that as for reduce the pain physical , states as euthanasia and able to the same procedures .
other experts manifiestan reserves
other experts the area the right of health already have said their reserves in relationship with the conclusions the report of the experts of the society royal of canada .
pierre deschamps , specialist in right of the health , has described of &quot; extreme &quot; the position of the experts which firman the report , between other things because not limited the practice of the euthanasia to the people in stage terminal .
&quot; this is the door open to a situation in the which someone which is cansado of live and have more of 18 years can to aid for suicidarse &quot; , out deschamps , which consultó yesterday a short the report .
=======
in 2010 , the people have cogido a average of 14,5 days of lower labour , with to 17,8 in 2009 , according a study the group soul consulting .
a average , doubt , is government : one survey , published in 2007 the view of management professional monster.com , mostraba that the 75 % of the 40.000 workers french encuestados rushing that not had cogido not a only day of lower disease .
another study , in this case of the assurance maladie , could that in 2010 the 37 % of the dribs disease had a duration less to 8 days , the 22 % of between 8 and 14 days , the 15 % of between 15 days and a month , the 15 % of between one and three months and the 11 % were more long .
if the compared with our neighbours european , the workers french not are more propensos that in other areas to catch dribs disease .
a long study out in 2010 two researchers the cnrs given that , between 1994 and 2001 , the rate of lack global the work ( therefore reasons of health as of another kind ) oscilaba , in france , between the 10 % and the 11 % , with to a 20 % and a 28 % in denmark , a 15 % in uk uk or between a 16 % and a 18 % in the countries netherlands .
the fraud in the dribs disease not is especially significant in compared with the work not undeclared .
the fraud has a reach quite limited .
the forward of the legislation , since 2002 , has caused that the controls of the dribs disease of more of 45 days are sistemáticos .
in 2008 , of 1,5 million of inspections , the cnam comprobó , in a 13 % of the 285.000 by , the dribs of shorter duration were &quot; unjustified or too we &quot; , is say , 37.050 cases .
in the case of the dribs of more of 45 days , untreated to inspections sistemáticas , was that the 11 % of the cases were &quot; rightly adaptados or injustificados ; a figure , taking as starting a total of 1,2 million , amounts to 132.000 .
therefore , high a total of 169.000 cases &quot; injustificados &quot; between several million of workers cogieron a lower disease .
doubt , a figure minor in compared , example , with the work in black .
according the member of the ump dominique tian , author of a report on this question in june , that practice will a losses of income tax of between 9.000 and 15.000 million of eur year , is say , more that the cost total of the benefits dribs and , doubt , significantly more that the fraud in this last area .
papadémos : greece must apply a new plan of adjustment
greece is to need a new plan of adjustment to getting their economy .
this is what declared the monday 14 of november , the prime minister casarini papadémos to parliament ; added also that hundred days that have granted to their government of union not bastarían to achieve aim .
&quot; to be efforts will to the recovery of the economy , need the support of our partners european and a new programme of adjustment budgetary &quot; , declared the head the government , pronunciaba their first speech public for the opening the debate on the vote of confidence parliament the wednesday .
the execution of the decisions taken for the summit of the area the euro the 27 of october will the &quot; main task &quot; the new government , since &quot; is in game &quot; the permanencia the country in the area the euro , added .
in result , papadémos has proves that the deficit public the country will &quot; even around the 9 % &quot; the gdp before of end of year , after achieve a 10,6 % in 2010 and a 15,7 % in 2009 .
the right is new measures of austerity
antonis samaras , the head the group of right , was the monday their support to the measures already regulatory to try get of the crisis of the debt , but has having that their party not comprometerá with measures of austerity additional .
&quot; not vote in favour of new measures &quot; , said for a meeting with the members of their party &quot; new democracy &quot; .
pointed that was of agreement with the objectives of reduction the deficit and of the debt , as of fight against the waste , but in against of any policy prevent the recovery economic .
to olli rehn , commissioner european of affairs mep and monetarios , warned of that the imf and the eu not desbloquearían the equipment of 8.000 million of eur necessary a guarantee written the support of all the parties to the measures will , for samaras has would that their word would enough and that not firmaría nothing to cause of the pressure external .
a committee of experts says that must legalizarse the euthanasia and the suicide attended
canadians live denied it death , that could the report of the society royal of canada
in of care palliatives , the committee researched that the governments , the institutions of assistance health and the doctors colaboren to ensure the best care palliative , and not only in the cases of cancer .
the society canadian lives denied it death .
of done , so only 9 % of the canadians is ready to speak with their doctor on the conditions in want die and take provisions to effect .
is of one of the conclusions of a tremendous report of the society royal of canada , counted with the participation of six experts of various areas , including the ethical , the legal and the doctor .
this committee should the government that are the code criminal of way enable the suicide attended and the euthanasia , when the patient with that option and has been goes responsible to take the decision .
to start , the experts citan a survey recent of the economist chief unit comparó the quality of the death in 40 countries the world .
although canada is the tenth since , the study that &quot; the medicalización of the death in canada has led a culture in the the people have fear of try the issue of the death &quot; .
with medication or not , the 77 % of the canadians not have access to care palliatives , that show the experts such the society royal of canada .
and , to despite of that the majority of the canadians to die in home , the 68,6 % of them has falleciendo in the hospital .
in whole , the rate more high in this sense it has québec , where a 86 % of the deaths is in the hospital .
in what main the delicate issue of the euthanasia and the suicide attended , the authors the report came to a conclusions not obliged with the position the government federal , already has declared that not to are the code criminal in relationship with the euthanasia and the suicide attended .
however , according the experts , also have examined the situation in all the countries where such practices have been legalizadas or not are a crime criminal , not there no test of that the fact of that not are considered a crime criminal not has caused a abuse of their implementation , is say , the use of the euthanasia or the suicide attended with people not competent or that not would given their consent .
jocelyn downie , coautora the report , regarding yesterday teleconferencia , the otherwise , observaban more attacks in those countries where not have legalised the euthanasia or the suicide attended .
&quot; in canada would the euthanasia , although is clearly illegal &quot; .
&quot; in canada would the suicide attended , although is clearly illegal &quot; , is jocelyn downie .
canadians , favourable to the euthanasia
remember that the 85 % of the canadians already have spoken to favour of the euthanasia , since is that would to the people whose death is next alleviate their suffering , that could a survey of angus reid relevant in 2010 .
also , the 66 % believe that the fact of legalising the euthanasia not will to understand that the life of the people elderly or disabled has least value .
in as to the people have practicado the suicide attended , the 41 % of the encuestados is that not should was a process against them .
in relationship with the peacekeeping or interruption of the assistance health to a patient , the situation not is so clear , that show the authors the report .
also , between their recommendations suggest that include in the code criminal the withdrawal of the care health , if have rejected legally , not is a crime criminal .
the committee of experts calls also that forme to the professionals health in the duty of respect the fact of that a patient rejection the assistance the end of their life fear to face to a concession .
in of care palliatives , the committee researched that the governments , the institutions of assistance health and the doctors colaboren to ensure the best care palliative , and not only in the cases of cancer .
last , in relationship with the sedating palliative or terminal , already used extensamente in the institutions health of canada , the committee calls that , unless that serve to reduce the pain physical , states as euthanasia and submitted to the same procedures .
other experts manifiestan reserves
other experts the area the right of health already have said their reserves in relationship with the conclusions the report of the experts of the society royal of canada .
pierre deschamps , specialist in right of the health , has described of &quot; extreme &quot; the position of the experts firman the report , between other things because not limited the practice of the euthanasia to the people in stage terminal .
&quot; this is the door open to a situation in the someone is cansado of live and have more of 18 years can ask aid to suicidarse &quot; , deschamps , consultó yesterday a short the report .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the mr deschamps emphasised also that the authors the report seem give priority to the autonomy personal on any another value of the society .
now well , adds that &quot; in society , there labels and constraints &quot; .
the specialist in right of the health margaret somerville also expressed their &quot; strong opposition &quot; with regard to the conclusions the report , called of &quot; more to favour of the euthanasia &quot; .
margaret somerville , also belongs to the society royal of canada , being in abkhazia of trial especially the lack of abuse in certain countries where the euthanasia and the suicide attended are legal , as in the countries netherlands and in oregón .
the king of jordan encouraged the president the asad to leave the power
damascus denuncia a &quot; plot &quot;
syria is every time more own
the partisanos of bachar the asad demonstrated yesterday to the building the ministry of affairs foreign .
<<<<<<< HEAD
yesterday intensified the pressure diplomatic on the syria of bachar the asad that , with the support of russia , resiste and denuncia that there a &quot; plot &quot; against the country .
two days after of the from of syria part of the league árabe , the union european has strengthened the sanctions against damascus , while which turkey and jordan , vecinas of syria , have said to favour the abandoning the power the president asad .
the king abdullah ii of jordan was yesterday the first leader arab which asked the president bachar the asad which &quot; abandon the power &quot; in syria , where already have died a cuarentena of civil and of member of the forces the regime .
&quot; if bachar really concerned their country , should resign , also of create the conditions necessary for a new stage of the life political his &quot; , said the king of jordan , country an of syria , in a interview for the bbc .
their part , the head of the diplomacy turkish , ahmet davutoglu , has him that the efforts of mediation which has being turkey since beginning of year with the regime view have over in a failure .
&quot; who not are in peace in the east the with their people and not be satisfacerles , partirán &quot; , declared finding to syria , country an with regard the which turkey is introducing a position every time more hard .
their part , after the decisions of the league árabe and of the union european , the states united have fact that has &quot; important the consensus against asad and the actions the regime &quot; view .
&quot; the community international , the states united , the eu , the league árabe and other countries , as turkey , are introducing a tone every time more hard &quot; with regard to the repression in syria , out mark toner , spokesman the department of state .
while therefore , already have lost the life 16 civil and at least 19 member of the forces the regime in the region of deraa , in the south of syria , according has announced the centre view of the rights human ( osdh ) .
other two civil have died &quot; during bombing and tiroteos with machine indeed in jobar &quot; in the city asediada of homs , according in that ngos .
during a wheel of press , the minister view of affairs foreign , walid the mualem , as their part that the country &quot; is towards the end of the crisis &quot; .
also , has reacted strongly to the decision of the league árabe of stop to damascus of their duties , what which in their opinion is &quot; a step dangerous &quot; .
syria &quot; not flaqueará &quot; , added , thus that &quot; the complots tramados against syria fracasarán &quot; .
after the decision of stop to syria , currently the league árabe investigated a &quot; mechanism of protection of civil &quot; and to send to 500 member of organisations arab of rights human , of the media and observers military the country .
the minister french of affairs foreign , alain juppé , also has said their support the maximum of observers of the un for make to protect to the civil operating to the repression the regime which , in their opinion , there in the &quot; paranoia &quot; .
is to that take a new meeting extraordinary of the league tomorrow in rabat for to to point the implementation the plan of exit of the crisis adopted the 2 of november that for , in particular , the withdrawal of the forces armed of the cities which are in hands of the opposition and the liberation of the demonstrators detention .
the minister russian of affairs foreign , serguei lavrov , has who yesterday as &quot; wrong &quot; the decision of the league árabe , while which china instaba to syria to apply the plan of exit of the crisis , although not manifestaba their support to the implementation of possible sanctions against damascus .
=======
yesterday intensified the pressure diplomatic on the syria of bachar the asad that , with the support of russia , it resiste and denuncia that there a &quot; plot &quot; against the country .
two days after of the from of syria part of the league árabe , the union european has strengthened the sanctions against damascus , while turkey and jordan , vecinas of syria , have said to favour the people the power the president asad .
the king abdullah ii of jordan was yesterday the first leader arab asked the president bachar the asad &quot; abandon the power &quot; in syria , where already have died a cuarentena of civil and of member of the forces the regime .
&quot; if bachar really are their country , should resign , also of create the conditions necessary to a new stage of the life political jordanian &quot; , said the king of jordan , country an of syria , in a interview to the bbc .
their part , the head of the diplomacy turkish , ahmet davutoglu , has shooting that the efforts of mediation has being turkey since beginning of year with the regime view have over in a failure .
&quot; who not are in peace in the east average with their people and not be satisfacerles , partirán &quot; , declared finding to syria , country an with regard which turkey is introducing a position every time more hard .
their part , after the decisions of the league árabe and of the union european , the states united have fact that has &quot; important the consensus against asad and the actions the regime &quot; view .
&quot; the community international , the states united , the eu , the league árabe and other countries , as turkey , are introducing a tone every time more hard &quot; with regard to the repression in syria , mark toner , spokesman the department of state .
while therefore , already have lost the life 16 civil and at least 19 member of the forces the regime in the region of deraa , in the south of syria , that has announced the centre view of the rights human ( osdh ) .
other two civil have died &quot; for bombing and tiroteos with machine indeed in jobar &quot; in the city asediada of homs , that could that ngos .
for a wheel of press , the minister view of affairs foreign , walid the mualem , as their part that the country &quot; is to the end of the crisis &quot; .
also , has reacted strongly to the decision of the league árabe of stop to damascus of their duties , what which in their opinion is &quot; a step dangerous &quot; .
syria &quot; not flaqueará &quot; , added , thus that &quot; the complots tramados against syria fracasarán &quot; .
after the decision of stop to syria , currently the league árabe investigated a &quot; mechanism of protection of civil &quot; and to send to 500 member of organisations arab of rights human , of the media and observers military country .
the minister french of affairs foreign , alain juppé , also has said their support the maximum of observers of the un to make to protect to the civil operating to the repression the regime , in their opinion , there in the &quot; paranoia &quot; .
is to that take a new meeting extraordinary of the league tomorrow in rabat to put to point the implementation the plan of exit of the crisis adopted the 2 of november that is , in particular , the withdrawal of the forces armed of the cities are in hands of the opposition and the liberation of the demonstrators in .
the minister russian of affairs foreign , serguei lavrov , has goes yesterday as &quot; wrong &quot; the decision of the league árabe , while china instaba to syria to apply the plan of exit of the crisis , although not manifestaba their support to the implementation of possible sanctions against damascus .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
italy
monti calls time to the markets and sacrifices to the italians
the future head the government italian , mario monti , has asked something of time to the markets to be their team and put in a programme include &quot; sacrifices &quot; for to recover the credibility up for the last months the government of silvio .
the former commissioner european discussed yesterday with the parties political and today met with the trade and the patronal .
<<<<<<< HEAD
should be a gabinete relatively restricted , up technocrats external the parliament .
&quot; monti has spoken of a broader programme with many sacrifices &quot; , said francesco nucara , member of one of the rich small groups parliamentary which took in the events , after have gathered with the president the council close .
their part , the president of the house of members , gianfranco fini , has claimed that expected that mario monti solicite before the friday a vote of confidence the parliament for ensure that the new government he of enough support .
the consultations standardise with the presentation , part the mr monti , of a list small , doubt of a dozen of ministers , the head of state , establishing napolitano .
monti has speakers the nerviosismo of the markets bursátiles and of the obligacionistas yesterday , asking time .
in the &quot; democracy , there a deadlines precise &quot; for be a government and preparation their programme , skills , añadiendo that is &quot; sure of that the markets will paciencia and entenderán &quot; .
their designation the president initially successful the by of the markets , but after imposed the concern , in particular after a fall imprevista of the production industrial in the area the euro in september .
the prime minister close should create a team mainly myself technocrats , even if has destacado that you like include to &quot; politicians &quot; .
=======
should be a gabinete relatively restricted , up technocrats external parliament .
&quot; monti has spoken of a broader programme with many sacrifices &quot; , said francesco nucara , member of one of the rich small groups parliamentary took in the events , after have gathered with the president the council close .
their part , the president of the house of members , gianfranco fini , has claimed that expected that mario monti solicite before the friday a vote of confidence parliament to ensure that the new government he of enough support .
the consultations standardise with the presentation , part the mr monti , of a list small , doubt of a dozen of ministers , the head of state , establishing napolitano .
monti has referred the nerviosismo of the markets bursátiles and of the obligacionistas yesterday , them time .
in the &quot; democracy , there a deadlines precise &quot; to be a government and preparing their programme , upgrading , añadiendo that is &quot; sure of that the markets will paciencia and entenderán &quot; .
their designation the president initially was the by of the markets , but after imposed the concern , in particular after a fall imprevista of the production industrial in the area the euro in september .
the prime minister close should create a team mainly up technocrats , even if has destacado that you like include to &quot; politicians &quot; .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the new government must work to 2013 , date of the next legislativas , as .
according the president of the house of members , gianfranco fini , the new government hope the vote of confidence the parliament before the friday .
monti has committed to , when take the office , trabajará taking in account the urgent and with the aim of that italy &quot; restore their background &quot; in europe .
a spokesman the commissioner european olli rehn has destacado that &quot; even with a new government , not variará our diagnosis of the economy italian &quot; .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the eu , convinced of that rome not reach their aim of to a balance budgetary in 2013 to despite of the plans of austerity adopted during the last months , has asked the adoption of new measures of rigour .
the &quot; visitors of the heads &quot; italian emma marcegaglia , which you be the mates , stressed also in the need of promote the economy , &quot; put which a country which not overall not can respect the requirements in on of deficit &quot; .
monti , famous their competition and their independence as commissioner european ( 1994-2004 ) , is a &quot; change of time &quot; for italy after 17 years of &quot; berlusconismo &quot; ; the &quot; professor &quot; symbolises &quot; the challenge of the seriously &quot; and &quot; another italy &quot; , according claim the editorialistas .
the great incógnita will the longevity of their team .
the president napolitano want avoid elections early , since which italy has that suppose before of april of 2012 a 200.000 million of eur in obligations of state .
a scientist russian has colaborado with the programme nuclear as
a scientist russian , vycheslav danilenko , has colaborado with iran in the development of a detonador which can use with a weapon nuclear , according said the monday a ngos american was in the risk no .
for the identification the researchers , the institute of science and security international ( isis ) on in a report recent of the agency international of the energy agency ( aiea ) and in other documents issued that agency of the un .
the aiea manifestaba the week last their &quot; serious concern &quot; a &quot; possible dimension military &quot; the programme nuclear as .
according the isis , desire extensamente in documents of the aiea , danilenko , baby in 1934 , would worked during three decades , since the years 1960 , in a centre nuclear military soviet in tcheliabinsk ( oural ) and would participated in the manufacture of diamonds at explosion .
in 1989 or 1991 , would abandoned the centre for be a company at in the production of &quot; nanodiamantes &quot; in are .
the problems economic of their company you would taken to only in contact , in 1995 , with the embassy of iran in ukraine .
after , believe that cooperó with the programme as between 1996 and 2002 , before of return to russia .
in their last report , the aiea mentions that there &quot; clear signs of that iran is developing &quot; a system of detonación nuclear &quot; with the aid of a expert abroad , which not only was well the techniques , but which also , according has informed a state member to the agency , worked during the greater part of their career in that technology in the programme nuclear military of their country of origin &quot; .
=======
the eu , convinced of that rome not reach their aim of get a balance budgetary in 2013 to despite of the plans of austerity adopted for the last months , has asked the adoption of new measures of rigour .
the &quot; visitors of the heads &quot; italian emma marcegaglia , you be the mates , stressed also in the need of promote the economy , &quot; put a country not overall not can respect the requirements in of deficit &quot; .
monti , famous their competition and their independence as commissioner european ( 1994-2004 ) , is a &quot; change of time &quot; to italy after 17 years of &quot; berlusconismo &quot; ; the &quot; professor &quot; symbolises &quot; the challenge of the toughness &quot; and &quot; another italy &quot; , that claim the editorialistas .
the great incógnita will the longevity of their team .
the president napolitano want avoid a elections early , since italy has that suppose before of april of 2012 a 200.000 million of eur in obligations of state .
a scientist russian has colaborado with the programme nuclear islamist
a scientist russian , vycheslav danilenko , has colaborado with iran in the development of a detonador can use with a weapon nuclear , according said the monday a ngos american was in the risk nuclear .
to the identification the researchers , the institute of science and security international ( isis ) is in a report recent of the agency international of the energy international ( aiea ) and in other documents issued that agency of the un .
the aiea manifestaba the week last their &quot; serious concern &quot; a &quot; possible dimension military &quot; the programme nuclear islamist .
according the isis , travelling extensamente in documents of the aiea , danilenko , newborn in 1934 , would worked for three decades , since the years 1960 , in a centre nuclear military soviet in tcheliabinsk ( oural ) and would participated in the manufacture of diamonds pale explosion .
in 1989 or 1991 , would abandoned the centre to be a company european in the production of &quot; nanodiamantes &quot; in kiev .
the problems economic of their company you would taken to undertaken in contact , in 1995 , with the embassy of iran in ukraine .
after , believe that cooperó with the programme islamist between 1996 and 2002 , before of return to russia .
in their last report , the aiea mentions that there &quot; clear signs of that iran is developing &quot; a system of detonación nuclear &quot; with the aid of a expert abroad , not only was well the techniques , but also , that has informed a state member to the agency , worked for the greater part of their career in that technology in the programme nuclear military of their country of origin &quot; .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the crimes and crimes against muslims have increased a 50 %
the crimes and crimes against the muslims have increased closely of a 50 % between 2009 and 2010 , while , in the same period , the other types of violence racial and religious have countries or increased only slightly , that show the statistics commercial the fbi the monday .
that such figures , the number total of acts of violence committed against muslims has happened of 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , is say , has increased in a 49 % , with to a increase the 13 % in the case of the acts of violence against the católicos , a reduction the 4 % in the crimes against jews and a increase global the 14 % in the number of crimes and crimes antirreligiosos .
the number total of &quot; crimes of hatred &quot; has grown slightly to the 6.628 cases , of the which a 47,3 % must to differences racial and a 20 % to differences religious , that could the fbi .
&quot; after a decline in 2009 , is worrying that have again to increase this kind of crimes and crimes &quot; , upgrading the organisation of defence of the rights human rights rights stephen , &quot; the increase of the acts of violence against muslims is especially significant &quot; , added the organisation in a release .
&quot; rights rights stephen has a time by that the violence against the muslims , as all the types of crimes of hatred , should be a serious violation of the rights human &quot; , adds a responsible of the organisation , paul legendre .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; the government us can and must esforzarse to end to these abuses &quot; , adds , at that these efforts could include a improvement of the reports of the police on the &quot; crimes of hatred &quot; .
the &quot; crime of hatred &quot; in the right federal us heredó of the time of the fight the rights civil .
that legislation adopted after the death of martin luther king for punish the acts of violence individual to the race , the colour of the fur , the religion , the origin and , now , the gradient sexual .
twitter change their platform and seems more to facebook
the website of microblogging twitter setting the monday the presentation of their platform for allow to their users , in particular , observed the activity of the people to the which are , what which from that their service some a little more the of facebook .
a new pestaña &quot; activity &quot; and one called &quot; name &quot; it continue more legiblemente and in direct the activity of other &quot; twittos &quot; , is say , of those internautas whose messages ( &quot; tweets &quot; ) still in internet or which you are to you .
this allows know if are monitoring to messages , if abonan to accounts new , if as of favourite some message , etc.
this new formula of twitter probó &quot; with a small percentage of users in august &quot; before of difundirla the rest of the network the monday , according has signalled to the afp the spokesman of twitter , carolyn penner .
twitter , which was known their functioning little instintivo , with terms slightly esotéricos ( rt for reenviar a message of another person , followfriday pour recommander of suivre a autre utilisateur ) faisant you bonheur confidence initiés , at &apos; ouvre ainsi to a public plus present avec a maniement plus comparable to celui confidence réseaux cardiff public facebook nazi google + .
in the network , the users have debated to coup of &quot; tweets &quot; with different views the interest of this innovation .
&quot; is pointless , is invasiva and seems too to facebook &quot; , says @ jemb123 .
&quot; the role activity i will to help to continue better some elements of my flow twitter &quot; , says @ dannykronstrom .
=======
&quot; the government us can and must esforzarse put end to these abuses &quot; , adds , considering that these efforts could include a improvement of the reports of the police on the &quot; crimes of hatred &quot; .
the &quot; crime of hatred &quot; in the right federal us heredó of the time of the fight the rights civil .
that legislation adopted after the death of martin luther king to punish the acts of violence individual to the race , the colour of the fur , the religion , the origin and , now , the gradient sexual .
twitter change their platform and seems more to facebook
the website of microblogging twitter setting the monday the presentation of their platform to allow to their users , in particular , observed the activity of the people to the are , what which causes that their service be a little more of facebook .
a new pestaña &quot; activity &quot; and one called &quot; name &quot; is continue more legiblemente and in direct the activity of other &quot; twittos &quot; , is say , of those internautas whose messages ( &quot; tweets &quot; ) is in internet or you are to you .
this allows know if are monitoring to messages , if abonan to accounts new , if as of favourite some message , etc.
this new formula of twitter probó &quot; with a small percentage of users in august &quot; before of difundirla rest of the network the monday , that has signalled to the afp the spokesman of twitter , carolyn penner .
twitter , was known their functioning little instintivo , with terms slightly esotéricos ( rt to reenviar a message of another person , followfriday pour recommander of suivre a autre utilisateur ) faisant you bonheur confidence initiés , at &apos; ouvre ainsi to a public plus families avec a maniement plus comparable to celui confidence réseaux cardiff public facebook nazi google + .
in the network , the users have debated to coup of &quot; tweets &quot; with different views the interest of this innovation .
&quot; is pointless , is invasiva and seems too to facebook &quot; , says @ jemb123 .
&quot; the role activity i is to help to continue better some elements of my flow twitter &quot; , says @ dannykronstrom .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
austria
introduction of a &quot; rule of gold &quot; budgetary in the constitution
the government of great coalition swedish / democratacristiano that is in the power in austria has decided the tuesday include in the constitution a &quot; rule of gold &quot; budgetary to reduce the deficit public and , , avoid a possible migrants of the note sovereign of austria part of the agencies of rating hedge ( triple trouble ) .
was the own chancellor swedish , werner faymann , who announced this decision after a council of ministers , when the debt public austrian high the 74,6 % , a figure very higher the reference full the 60 % fijado the treaty of maastricht , but clearly less to the debts of countries as italy , greece or spain .
&quot; if redujese the solvency of austria in a only level , of aaa to aa + , we that pay 3.000 million of eur more in interests every year &quot; , pointed the nassau democratacristiano of affairs foreign , michael spindelegger .
austria react to a request of the summit of brussels to the countries member of the area the euro the last 26 of october : in she , the heads of state and of government were the inclusion , before of end of 2012 , of the reduction the deficit public and of the recovery the balance of the accounts public in the constitution or in a law with value equivalent .
the recording adopted the government austriaco aproxima the &quot; model german &quot; , since germany was the first country european that adopted that kind of &quot; rule &quot; .
before of 2017 , the deficit public structural should decrease every year in a 0,75 % the product internal gross ( gdp ) and , to from the 2017 , the deficit public structural the state federal not should overcome every year the 0,35 % the gdp , while the states regional , as the comunas , should present budgets equilibrados .
the aim is in that , to 2020 / 2021 , the debt public should under the criterion the 60 % fijado the treaty of maastricht .
a yen strong
noda threatens with a new intervention the market of change
<<<<<<< HEAD
the prime minister japonés , yoshihiko noda , warned the tuesday of that the authorities niponas intervendrían has the some the change if the yen was increasing .
&quot; intervendremos , as as what did the last time , if comprobamos that is a volatility excessive &quot; in the kind of change the yen , he noda the senate .
the tuesday , the yen was to achieve a levels next to the were historical which there the intervention of the authorities japonesas the 31 of october .
at day , tokio marketed masivamente yenes dollars for come the value of the motto nipona , which had of achieve a new record since 1945 in compared with the currency us .
but the yen has gone remontando gradually since then , perceptive the purchases of investors which feel a &quot; value refuge &quot; in these times inciertos of realm economic world and of crisis of debt in europe .
the dollar to again to cotizarse the tuesday to least of 77 yenes and the euro has fallen below of the barra symbolic of 105 yenes , alcanzando a levels next to the which caused the last intervention .
before of the crisis financial of 2008-2009 , the dollar cotizaba to around of 120 yenes and the euro to more of 160 yenes .
this explosion of the motto nipona particularly to the exports the archipiélago , since which encarece the products made in japan and reduces the value of the income long in the abroad the companies japonesas when the become to the currency national .
&quot; japan is fighting reconstruirse &quot; after the seísmo and the tsunami the 11 of march , which devastaron the region of tohoku ( deliver ) , skills noda , which afraid that the encarecimiento the yen court of result weak recovery .
the third power economic world has displaced the growth in the third quarter ( a 1,5 % in relationship with the quarter previous ) , first time in a year , thanks to a increase of the exports and the consumption of the who affected the disaster .
but the prime minister as that the high level the yen not reflejaba the &quot; foundations economic of japan &quot; .
the minister of finance , jun azumi , has asked the bank of japan ( boj ) , that refers the tuesday a meeting of two days of their council of policy monetary , which take all the measures possible for debilitar the yen .
however , the governor external of the institution , hirohide yamaguchi , warned of that the boj already had taken &quot; the measures right &quot; , giving to understand that not should esperarse a greater flexibility monetary the wednesday .
during their last meeting to end of october , the institute of emission increased in five billion of yenes ( 47.000 million of eur ) their purchases of you the about , moment to the 55 billion of yenes ( 519.000 million of eur ) the threshold of the funds which he to the not of various titles financial for inundar the market of liquidity .
=======
the prime minister japonés , yoshihiko noda , warned the tuesday of that the authorities niponas intervendrían again the some the change if the yen was increasing .
&quot; intervendremos , as what did the last time , if comprobamos that is a volatility excessive &quot; in the kind of change the yen , explain noda the senate .
the tuesday , the yen was to achieve a levels next to the upper historical there the intervention of the authorities japonesas the 31 of october .
at day , tokio marketed masivamente yenes dollars to come the value of the motto nipona , had of achieve a new record since 1945 in compared with the currency us .
but the yen has gone remontando gradually since then , perceptive the purchases of investors feel a &quot; value refuge &quot; in these times inciertos of realm economic global and of crisis of debt in europe .
the dollar to again to cotizarse the tuesday to least of 77 yenes and the euro has fallen below of the barra symbolic of 105 yenes , alcanzando a levels next to the caused the last intervention .
before of the crisis financial of 2008-2009 , the dollar cotizaba to around of 120 yenes and the euro to more of 160 yenes .
this explosion of the motto nipona is to the exports the archipiélago , since encarece the products made in japan and reduces the value of the income bad in the abroad the companies japonesas when the become to the currency national .
&quot; japan is fighting reconstruirse &quot; after the seísmo and the tsunami the 11 of march , devastaron the region of tohoku ( circumstances ) , upgrading noda , afraid that the encarecimiento the yen court of result it weak recovery .
the third power economic global has displaced the growth in the third quarter ( a 1,5 % in relationship with the quarter previous ) , first time in a year , thanks to a increase of the exports and the consumption of the homes affected the disaster .
but the prime minister as that the high level the yen not reflejaba the &quot; foundations economic of japan &quot; .
the minister of finance , jun azumi , has asked bank of japan ( boj ) , that refers the tuesday a meeting of two days of their council of policy monetary , take all the measures possible to debilitar the yen .
however , the governor external of the institution , hirohide yamaguchi , warned of that the boj already had taken &quot; the measures right &quot; , giving to understand that not should esperarse a greater flexibility monetary the wednesday .
for their last meeting to end of october , the institute of emission increased in five billion of yenes ( 47.000 million of eur ) their purchases of you the wealth , moment to the 55 billion of yenes ( 519.000 million of eur ) the threshold of the funds spins to the not of various titles financial to inundar the market of liquidity .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
area the euro :
the types crecen , the overflows flaquean
the risk of infection of the crisis of the debt is perjudicando to the nation european .
to despite the appointment of new heads of government in greece and italy , as of a best figures of growth in france and germany , the types of the countries more debilitados are increasing .
still able the stability of the stability of the area the euro , the overflows european rooted a little more in the area negative the tuesday 15 of november .
in paris , to the 10 hours , the cac 40 lose a 1,4 % and is to 3.064 points .
the dax lose in frankfurt a 0,4 % and in london a 0,1 % .
&quot; taking in account the new tensions in relationship with the performance of the loans of the states of the area the euro more affected , the markets bursátiles of all the world are surrendering part of their recent earnings &quot; .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; the investors , nerviosos , are perfectly aware the risk of infection &quot; , explains terry pratt , corridor institutional in ig markets , time the agency reuters .
the exchange of tokio has closed with a fall of 0,7 % , updated the concerns of the controllers the market in relationship with the capacity of europe of contain the crisis of the debt .
&quot; japan , as the rest the world , has the understanding scorning in europe and the exchanges will realizándose in a for of shift small , of way which the investors not will evidence of that the situation has estabilizado &quot; , as mitsushige akino , workforce of funds in ichiyoshi investment management .
the reaparición of the concerns the future of the area the euro affects to the currency only , which still bajando the tuesday .
the euro still in their level more low since ago a month and half .
stab the 10 hours , the motto european worth 1,3570 dollars , a fall the 0,4 % .
according the corridors , has lost value after of that the party of the chancellor merkel merkel , the cdu , which met the monday in the congress , adoptase a motion which for , in particular , the option of that a country in difficulties saliese of the area the euro leave the union european .
the types italian and demonstrates over with creces the 6 %
the types crediticios of italy and spain a to a levels very worrying .
the tuesday the morning , the performance of the obligations italian to 10 years reached the 6,85 % , while which the titles demonstrates at same term ofrecían a 6,2 % .
=======
&quot; the investors , nerviosos , are perfectly aware the risk of infection &quot; , is terry pratt , corridor institutional in ig markets , mean the agency reuters .
the exchange of tokio has closed with a fall of 0,7 % , updated the concerns of the controllers the market in relationship with the capacity of europe of contain the crisis of the debt .
&quot; japan , as the rest the world , has the understanding closest in europe and the exchanges will realizándose in a margin of shift small , of way the investors not will evidence of that the situation has estabilizado &quot; , as mitsushige akino , workforce of funds in ichiyoshi investment management .
the reaparición of the concerns the future of the area the euro affects to the currency only , is bajando the tuesday .
the euro is in their level more low since ago a month and half .
stab the 10 hours , the motto european worth 1,3570 dollars , a fall the 0,4 % .
according the corridors , has lost value after of that the party of the chancellor merkel merkel , the cdu , met the monday in the congress , adoptase a motion is , in particular , the option of that a country in difficulties saliese of the area the euro leave the union european .
the types italian and greatest over with creces the 6 %
the types crediticios of italy and spain there to a levels very worrying .
the tuesday the morning , the performance of the obligations italian to 10 years reached the 6,85 % , while the titles greatest at same term ofrecían a 6,2 % .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
these tensions in relationship with the types of interest of the countries the south , although also of france , are alimentando the fears of the controllers .
the head the future government italian , mario monti , has asked time to the markets to improve the situation in italy , that is the risk of asfixiarse with the weight of their debt .
the new prime minister greek casarini papademos , their part has claimed that the implementation of the decisions taken in the summit of the area the euro the 27 of october would the &quot; work main &quot; of their government .
spain is in the point of mira of the markets , while the sunday held there the elections legislative .
the difference of the types ( &quot; spread &quot; ) between the obligations to 10 years in germany and spain , has reached a new maximum historic .
to the waiting of the figures of growth of the area the euro
<<<<<<< HEAD
since the point of view statistical , france has reported a growth economic the 0,4 % in the third quarter , is say , a figure more favourable which the 0,3 % to , impulsada the consumption successful .
the insee , however , has revised to the involved the figure the second quarter , with a reduction the 0,1 % the product internal gross ( gdp ) in place of a deadlock .
also , the fourthly registrations is the which really concerned to the economists .
=======
since the point of view statistical , france has reported a growth economic the 0,4 % in the third quarter , is say , a figure more favourable the 0,3 % to , impulsada the consumption successful .
the insee , however , has revised to the lower the figure the second quarter , with a reduction the 0,1 % the product internal gross ( gdp ) in place of a stagnation .
also , the fourth european is the really are to the economists .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
germany , their part , has reported a growth the 0,5 % in the same period .
be the first forecasts to the whole of the area the euro to the 11 hours , after of that the commission european has having on the risk of a new recession .
policy energy :
the facts must assert more that the dogmas
<<<<<<< HEAD
if there a issue which not can try taking in account considerations of short term or simply thinking in the emotion , is the policy energy .
the availability and the cost of the electricity have directly in the power you and in the competitiveness of the companies .
is appropriate that a meeting electoral be the time of think on such issues and on the place of the energy nuclear .
the debate only will useful if investigated the whole of the consequences economic , social and environmental of the options proposed .
the french must resorted their opinion in made objectives , in data rational .
now which are 7.000 million of people in the planet , the development demographic some the duplication of the demand we before of 2050 , to least which prive to a huge part of the population world of a element vital .
the same time , will that afflicting the shortage every time greater of the resources fossil for continue have electricity now , forget the imperiosa need of reduce the emissions of gases of effect greenhouse for fight against the change climate , a issue which has disappeared the debate ecological .
=======
if there a issue not can try taking in account considerations of short term or simply thinking in the emotion , is the policy energy .
the availability and the cost of the electricity have directly in the power you and in the competitiveness of the companies .
is appropriate that a meeting electoral be the time of think on such issues and on the place of the energy nuclear .
the debate only will useful if investigated the whole of the consequences economic , social and environmental of the options proposed .
the people must resorted their opinion in made objectives , in data rational .
now are 7.000 million of people in the planet , the development demographic afflicted the duplication of the demand we before of 2050 , to least prive to a huge part of the population global of a element vital .
the same time , will that afflicting the shortage every time greater of the resources fossil to continue have electricity continually , forget the imperiosa need of reduce the emissions of gases of effect greenhouse to fight against the change climate , a issue has disappeared the debate ecological .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the accident of fukushima not change none of these parameters .
that , germany takes single in their decision of up to the energy nuclear .
that not is the case or of belgium , hearing the their to the need of find a source capable of sustituirla , or of switzerland , only has aim build power of last generation .
another hand , britain britain , finland , poland , republic czech , countries netherlands , sweden , south , china , india and brazil , quote some examples , are forward with determination with their projects .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the states united , their hand , after fukushima you add a unit to their park , retomando the construction of a central interrumpida after the accident of three mile island .
if the model german , based in the energy renewable , is in times as example , the reality will in against of as speech .
the election of berlin will to mean a encarecimiento the price of the electricity , a greater dependence energy the need incrementada of gas imported , in particular of russia , a increase of the emissions of co2 the construction of power of gas and of coal .
=======
the states united , their hand , after fukushima have add a unit to their park , retomando the construction of a central interrumpida after the accident of three mile island .
if the model german , based in the energy renewable , is in times as example , the reality is in against of speech .
the election of berlin is to mean a encarecimiento the price of the electricity , a greater dependence energy the need incrementada of gas imported , in particular of russia , a increase of the emissions of co2 the construction of power of gas and of coal .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
in a months , notarán the effects harmful .
must meditarse on the case of denmark .
campeón of europe in the sector eólico , the which provide the 30 % of their electricity , also is one of the large users of coal and of gas because to the intermitencia the wind ; this reason , their emissions of co2 and the price of their electricity are , respectively , a 65 % and a 50 % more high that the average european .
the otherwise , thanks to the information of our policy energy , our neighbours abonan a bill of electricity a 40 % higher to the of the homes french .
while in a economy globalised the cost of the energy is a factor key of the competitiveness and a guarantee the peacekeeping of the usefulness industrial in the territory national , the companies french benefit of the electricity more cheap of europe .
reason , any reduction significant of the energy nuclear would a strong increase the price of the electricity , what restaría realism to the maravillosas statements on the reindustrialización of our country and the defence of our power you .
is of a price the great majority of the people refuse to pay and , of fact , not manifiestan opposition principle to that kind of energy , that are the surveys .
remember that the policy energy of our country has lost build a sector industrial with 125.000 jobs of work director and 410.000 jobs indirectos .
widely looking to the export , encompasses a galaxy of pymes towards in the markets international and can create jobs not deslocalizables .
if france decidiese leave the energy nuclear , would the sacrificio of great part of these smes and the loss of the 6.000 million of eur annual in exports french of equipment and services nuclear .
¿ what electricista encargaría a epr designed to work sixty years , when is to the collapse of their manufacturer ?
to put it equation of the energy nuclear , there that admit that not there a source miracle of production of electricity , the as not there a source diabólica .
the development part of areva of solutions with low emissions of co2 , nuclear and renewable , shows the nature complementary of the sources of energy .
in the case of the energy nuclear , is essential keep the full level of security .
in france , have of a authority of security exercised a control narrower and transparent therefore on the power existing as on the construction of flamanville .
our equipment , of recognised professionalism , are also more the security .
in half century , the sector nuclear has suffered three accidents serious .
<<<<<<< HEAD
so only one , the of three mile island , in in conditions operational normal ; not was consequences not for the people not for the the environment .
in chernobyl , the accident was the design the reactor and to a failures human imperdonables .
in fukushima , some people seem forget that the accident was to two disasters natural of a reach unprecedented , which caused the death of tens of thousands of people .
the sector nuclear aprenderá of this accident , as as was of the two previous .
thanks to these progress and to a cooperation between the authorities of security , and the operators and builders french and german , the epr is a design capable of resistir to such phenomena .
while what estudian all the players electric which want build a central , the interruption of their construction in flamanville would a great gift for the competitors of areva and edf , since which them cease way free for taking the leadership in the inevitable development the sector nuclear .
is essential and legitimate seek the best options energéticas for our country , but would irresponsible to that the statehood , the dogmas and the volume partisanas dominasen a debate so important for the situation economic , social and financial of our country .
the immigration , ¿ a burden or a opportunity for the economy ?
the policy of immigration applied nicolas sarkozy has been criticada on since various points of view : the saturación of the services police , judicial and administrative subject to the policy of figures , the compatibility of this policy with the statute autoproclamado of &quot; country of the rights human &quot; of france .
more recently , is the harassment administrative of the students foreign the which has saltado to the headlines , with the minister of interior ( véase the newspaper libération the 23 of may ) proclamando of past that france &quot; not needs talentos foreign , workers not camareros &quot; .
=======
so only one , the of three mile island , in in a conditions operational normal ; not was consequences or to the people or to the environment .
in chernobyl , the accident was design the reactor and to a failures human imperdonables .
in fukushima , some people seem forget that the accident was to two disasters natural of a reach unprecedented , caused the death of tens of thousands of people .
the sector nuclear aprenderá of this accident , as was of the two previous .
thanks to these progress and to a cooperation between the authorities of security , and the operators and builders french and german , the epr is a design capable of resistir to such phenomena .
while what estudian all the players electric want build a central , the interruption of their construction in flamanville would a great gift to the competitors of areva and edf , since them cease way free to taking the leadership in the inevitable development the sector nuclear .
is essential and legitimate seek the best options energéticas to our country , but would irresponsible stop that the statehood , the dogmas and the volume partisanas dominasen a debate so important to the situation economic , social and financial of our country .
the immigration , ¿ a burden or a opportunity to the economy ?
the policy of immigration applied nicolas sarkozy has been criticada has since various points of view : the saturación of the services police , judicial and administrative subject to the policy of figures , the compatibility of this policy with the statute autoproclamado of &quot; country of the rights human &quot; of france .
more recently , is the harassment administrative of the students foreign the has saltado to the headlines , with the minister of interior ( véase the newspaper libération the 23 of may ) proclamando of past that france &quot; not needs talentos foreign , workers or camareros &quot; .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
however , rarely time analysing since the point of view economic .
the question is that , on this issue , there quite consensus between the left and the right .
in the case of the right , jacques chirac fijó the it declarando in 1976 that &quot; 900.000 unemployment not should be a problem to a country has with closely of two million of workers migrant &quot; , while in the left , the tone fijó michel rocard explicando that france &quot; not can have office of the the misery the world &quot; in 1990 .
the only difference , the degree of generosity
in 2005 , therefore the left as the right compartían the fear to the invasion the territory national a a of fontaneros poles .
<<<<<<< HEAD
to both both , as that the immigrants are a burden for the economy and the society french .
the only difference is in the degree of generosity with the which act with regard to the immigrants .
in their programme , mitterrand hollande limited to include banalidades , those that the codesarrollo will solve the &quot; problem of the migration &quot; .
this idea of the immigration as a burden , a problem , perhaps is why electoralmente , but economically out very you .
such as guarding the economists ian goldin and geoffrey cameron in a labour recent which like the knowledge more recent on the immigration ( exceptional people : how migration shaped our world and will define our future , may of 2011 , princeton university reporter , 352 pp . ) , there a broader consensus between the specialists on the impact positive of the flows migratory in the growth economic , the wages and the employment in the countries which receive immigrants .
the manner of the immigration it the growth and particularly the employment .
the fears about with the impact of the immigrants based in the idea of that these can replace to the workers national , in particular to the little qualified , pressing for that reduce their wages .
but the experience shows that , in reality , the immigrants are more well commission which substitutes of the workers national and who mainly professions in sectors with lack of employment .
the immigrants little qualified working in sectors which not big to workers national and the more qualified in sectors dynamic where the training not by the demand of staff .
=======
to both both , as that the immigrants are a burden to the economy and the society french .
the only difference is in the degree of generosity with the act with regard to the immigrants .
in their programme , mitterrand hollande limited to include banalidades , those that the codesarrollo will put the &quot; problem of the migration &quot; .
this idea of the immigration as a burden , a problem , perhaps is profitable electoralmente , but economically control very you .
such as guarding the economists ian goldin and geoffrey cameron in a labour recent like the knowledge more recent on the immigration ( exceptional people : how migration shaped our world and will define our future , may of 2011 , princeton university reporter , 352 pp . ) , there a broader consensus between the specialists on the impact positive of the flows migratory in the growth economic , the wages and the employment in the countries receive immigrants .
the manner of the immigration distorts the growth and is employment .
the fears about with the impact of the immigrants based in the idea of that these can replace to the workers national , in particular to the little specialised , pressing to that reduce their wages .
but the experience shows that , in reality , the immigrants are more well additional substitutes of the workers national and who mainly professions in sectors with lack of employment .
the immigrants little specialised working in sectors not get to workers national and the more specialised in sectors dynamic where the training not is the demand of staff .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
a effect positive on the wages
strategic same way a vladmir would difficulties to work in a country have lack of anestesistas , the complementariedad between national and migrant causes that the arrival of these last invest welcome in the wages and the employment of the national .
taking in account what previous , giovanni peri calculó that a increase the 1 % of the flows migratory is a increase of the wages real to long term of between a 0,6 and a 0,9 % .
<<<<<<< HEAD
and , have in account the fact of that the diversity which aportan the immigrants contributes to the creation of ideas and the growth economic ( there a great proportion of prizes nobel american naturalizados and companies as google , intel , paypal , ebay and yahoo were degrading immigrants ) .
the immigrants also are taxpayers net to the systems social , since which aportan of average a 1 % the budget total in the countries european .
the organisation international the work estimated , example , which in germany a inmigrante which comes with a age of 30 years conducted a contribution neta ( income least expenditure ) of 150.000 eur to the budgets public of average during all their life .
the principle of their mandate , nicolas sarkozy wanted go to seek the points of growth which you faltaban &quot; with the nail &quot; .
these nail , which disuadieron to the immigrants , had exactly the effect reverse .
europe invented the democracy , only you missing think in a democracy european
the democracy is a good precious , but also fragile .
the continent european should to acordarse of this already which , although invented in athens ago more of two thousand years , to what long the century the has suffered the tragedies of the war world , totalitarismos , the holocaust , the roots , but also to franco in spain , to salazar in portugal , the coroneles in greece .
some perhaps believed that , for that the democracy triunfase definitely on their enemies , would enough exercise the vote and the way more direct possible .
know , since rostopchine &quot; the of &quot; , which was of something although .
the suffrage universal , although is of a condition necessary for the democracy , not is enough only and even can become in a &quot; instrument of oppression &quot; , as said found the filósofo republicano etienne vacherot .
not , the democracy required much more : a space public , a spirit public , values , a organisation , a separation and a control of the powers , a education , go , solidarity economic and social , justice .
the crisis which live in europe is a crisis economic , but is to point of a in a crisis political and democratic .
the palinodia the referendum greek verdadero-falso had , to this regard , a twice effect demonstrates : was the need of a return take of the sphere political , but also the worrying that of their alternatively , of their inconsistency .
must reflexionarse on this ambivalence for superarla .
the truth is that the lines the with of the battle democratic currently have desplazado and that , in many cases , the soldiers republicans already not making in the good sense .
not saldremos gaining if we a catalogue of referenda national , problematic in role of the needs and of way desordenada .
a signing in white the monarca european all or a high the which the hole nacionalista : ¡ what options for the citizen !
not , not want from coups of effect , but a exercise common , of plenary right , relaxed and ongoing , of the options and the democracy , this time to level european .
not there crisis in greece , italy , spain , portugal ( of fact , not sabríamos where end the list ) , because only there a crisis , the crisis of europe .
the entire of europe is the which pliega to the orders of the markets and of the agencies of rating , which the which suffering their powerlessness and their lack of solidarity .
is the whole of europe the which suffering a humiliation in the sphere international .
we into the transfer of sovereignty to europe , but is all europe the which lose slowly the sovereignty and , with it , every one of their nations .
what more urgent is that the sovereignty popular restore the helm the project european .
because only together will the europeans reduce the weight of their debts , liberarse of the markets and preparation their future by the investment .
the exit of the crisis putting decisions to level european which not will factored a legitimacy democratic total , unless that be for conducirnos the disaster .
after have fought during a time against this proposal of the socialists and of jacques delors , all the world calls in the today a governance economic european .
that be .
but think in it a greater integration political and democratic , and that be vivida as such the citizens , would a new madness and we would to a new point dead .
we taking a new stage of the construction european .
for build the republic in france , was be &quot; do &quot; republicans .
=======
and , have in account the fact of that the diversity aportan the immigrants contributes to the creation of ideas and growth economic ( there a great proportion of prizes nobel american naturalizados and companies as google , intel , paypal , ebay and yahoo were degrading immigrants ) .
the immigrants also are taxpayers net to the systems social , since aportan of average a 1 % the budget total in the countries european .
the organisation international the work estimated , example , in germany a inmigrante comes with a age of 30 years will a contribution neta ( income least expenditure ) of 150.000 eur to the budgets public of average for the their life .
the principle of their mandate , nicolas sarkozy wanted go to seek the points of growth you faltaban &quot; with the nail &quot; .
these nail , disuadieron to the immigrants , had exactly the effect reverse .
europe invented the democracy , only you missing think in a democracy european
the democracy is a good precious , but also fragile .
the continent european should be acordarse of already , although invented in athens ago more of two thousand years , to what long the century the has suffered the tragedies of the war world , totalitarismos , the holocaust , the roots , but also to franco in spain , to salazar in portugal , the coroneles in greece .
some perhaps believed that , to that the democracy triunfase definitely on their enemies , would enough exercise the vote and the way more direct possible .
know , since rostopchine &quot; the of &quot; , was of something restricted .
the suffrage universal , although is of a condition necessary to the democracy , not is enough only and even can become in a &quot; instrument of oppression &quot; , as said most the filósofo republicano etienne vacherot .
not , the democracy required much more : a space public , a spirit public , values , a organisation , a separation and a control of the powers , a education , lights , solidarity economic and social , justice .
the crisis live in europe is a crisis economic , but is to point of corner in a crisis political and democratic .
the palinodia the referendum greek verdadero-falso had , to this regard , a double effect demonstrates : was the need of a return take of the sphere political , but also the worrying feeling of their alternatively , of their inconsistency .
must reflexionarse on this ambivalence to superarla .
the truth is that the lines the with of the battle democratic currently have desplazado and that , in many cases , the soldiers republican already not making in the good sense .
not saldremos gaining if we a catalogue of referenda national , problematic in role of the needs and of way desordenada .
a signing in white the monarca european all or a high the hollow the hole nacionalista : ¡ what options to the citizen !
not , not want from coups of effect , but a exercise common , of point right , relaxed and ongoing , of the options and the democracy , this time to level european .
not there crisis in greece , italy , spain , portugal ( of fact , not sabríamos where end the list ) , because only there a crisis , the crisis of europe .
the whole of europe is the pliega to the orders of the markets and of the agencies of rating , the suffering their powerlessness and their lack of solidarity .
is the whole of europe the suffering a humiliation in the sphere international .
we preaching the transfer of sovereignty to europe , but is the europe the lose slowly the sovereignty and , with she , every one of their nations .
what more urgent is that the sovereignty popular restore the helm the project european .
because only together will the europeans reduce the weight of their debts , liberarse of the markets and preparing their future by the investment .
the exit of the crisis putting decisions to level european not will be a legitimacy democratic total , unless that be to conducirnos disaster .
after have fought for a time against this proposal of the socialists and of jacques delors , all the world calls in the today a governance economic european .
that be .
but think in she a greater integration political and democratic , and that be vivida as such the citizens , would a new madness and we would to a new point dead .
must taking a new stage of the construction european .
to build the republic in france , was be &quot; do &quot; republican .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the revolution motivated interests not would enough .
this lesson is being applicable .
must build a europe more an since the point of view economic .
only will achieve build a europe more democratic in the level political , a real sovereignty popular european .
<<<<<<< HEAD
for build europe , us europeans .
the cards with chip &quot; contact &quot; generalizan
the scrum world of the cards of chip found the tuesday in villepinte , closely of paris , with a environment positive .
of done , the year 2011 should conclude with a increase the 11 % in the sales world of cards with microprocesadores ( cards bank , mobile with cards sim , etc. ) , with a total of 6.000 million of units , according are the gabinete eurosmart .
the segment more take is the of the technology contact , which allows buy the transport in common or the purchases simply bringing the card to a lector .
this year venderán in all the world 460 million of cards with chip contact , ¡ 320 million more that the year previous !
their share should continue increasing in 2012 ( scheduled 580 million of units ) and represent closely of a 10 % the market world of the cards with chip ( 6,925 million of cards ) .
europe , which has a time rezagada with regard to the region of asia-pacífico , is gaining ground in the sector the payment contact .
around of 26 million of cards bank visa already have of this role , which accept in 75.000 terminals of payment .
in france , their beginning are more modest : are being 400.000 cards visa contact .
but the large land working four .
carrefour has issued this year 2,5 million of cards pass mastercard contact .
for get the higher , not however , is necessary that the banks the reach to available of their customers .
&quot; there two establishments french which have committed to salvage systematically in the future , between their customers , cards bank dotadas the system contact &quot; , opening gérard nébouy , director general of visa europe france .
=======
to build europe , let europeans .
the cards with chip &quot; contact &quot; generalizan
the scrum global of the cards of chip found the tuesday in villepinte , closely of paris , with a environment positive .
of done , the year 2011 should conclude with a increase the 11 % in the sales world of cards with microprocesadores ( cards bank , phones with cards sim , etc. ) , with a total of 6.000 million of units , according side the gabinete eurosmart .
the segment more take is the of the technology contact , allows buy the transport in common or the purchases simply bringing the card to a lector .
this year venderán in all the world 460 million of cards with chip contact , ¡ 320 million more that the year previous !
their share should continue increasing in 2012 ( be 580 million of units ) and represent closely of a 10 % the market global of the cards with chip ( 6,925 million of cards ) .
europe , has a time rezagada with regard to the region of asia-pacífico , is gaining ground in the sector the payment contact .
around of 26 million of cards bank visa already have of this role , accept in 75.000 terminals of payment .
in france , their beginning are more modest : are being 400.000 cards visa contact .
but the large land working four .
carrefour has issued this year 2,5 million of cards pass mastercard contact .
to get the higher , not however , is necessary that the banks the reach to available of their customers .
&quot; there two establishments french have committed to salvage systematically in the future , between their customers , cards bank dotadas the system contact &quot; , is gérard nébouy , director general of visa europe france .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the banks proves the payment telephone mobile
but so only is a first stage to the of payment the future : the telephone mobile .
in the today , there few equipment equipados with the technology nfc ( near playing communication ) , essential to be the transactions .
&quot; are rezagando &quot; .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; but should end shares a real on the year which next &quot; .
&quot; prevemos that venderán between 80 and 120 million of units in 2012 in all the world &quot; , explains marc bertin , president of eurosmart .
but the banks take the delantera .
the bank crédit agricole announced yesterday the launch of a test between december and the next june in caen .
equiparán the iphone of around of 200 customers and colleagues with a funda which allows the payment contact .
the bpce at of a project similar in strasbourg and marseille .
and the société générale also has claimed yesterday that is about the marketing of a supply which enable to their customers pay contact to through of their móvil .
from sahara to nigeria , the operating terrorist will in increase
paris concerned the links between the tass in the magreb islamic and the secta boko haram .
the links between the group terrorist the tass in the magreb islamic ( aqmi ) and the secta nigerian of boko haram , on the which sospechaba since ago time , have confirmed .
the sunday , the viceministro argelino of affairs foreign , abdelkader messahel , even said that argel already &quot; has the certidumbre &quot; .
&quot; the way in which both organisations operating and the reports of the services of intelligence shown that are cooperando &quot; , he , to more details .
paris seems to to a conclusion similar .
the research on the hostages of two french in niger the last january would pursued the pasarelas .
raptados in a restaurant of niamey people relating with aqmi , antoine of léocour and vincent delory died the day next with with disturbance of their secuestradores during a operation replaces the forces special french .
in the rubble of the intervention , the researchers french and nigerianos as several chips telefónicos which been to the terrorists .
which terrorist
the study of the on made in towards several partners based in mali , niger and nigeria .
according radio france internationale ( rfi ) , two numbers captaron especially the interest of the researchers : one leads to a nigeriano which permaneció during a time in maiduguri , a city the north of nigeria , cradle of boko haram , and the one to a man which , supposed , is have to aqmi and to the secta .
&quot; is of a progress , but doubt we wait to poseer evidence more formal before of speak of cooperation operational between aqmi and boko haram &quot; .
&quot; but is possible &quot; .
&quot; know since ago years which secta have of support financial and intellectual foreign and that every time is more active &quot; , says kunle amuwo , a researchers nigeriano .
these last months , these &quot; support &quot; had found every time more clear in the development and the speeches of boko haram or in their case operational , which now involve the use of kamikazes or equipment explosivos every time more complex and the same lifestyle which category aqmi .
the community international , beginning washington , is since then pressing to abuya for which have in account the problems brought boko haram .
the authorities grave , of fact , have time at the group as a community of iluminados little understandable of interest .
a success rapid
set in 2002 in maiduguri in on to a mezquita , a school and the imán fundamentalista succession yusuf , boko haram ( which means , in hausa , &quot; the education western is a pecado &quot; ) , spreading to the makes of a emirato islamic in the north muslim of nigeria .
in this region poor , the partnership is living a success rapid .
politiza and requires a respect narrower of the sharia , while which their fighters killed to the fight against the government central impío .
=======
&quot; but should end shares a real on the year next &quot; .
&quot; prevemos that venderán between 80 and 120 million of units in 2012 in all the world &quot; , is marc bertin , president of eurosmart .
but the banks take the delantera .
the bank crédit agricole announced yesterday the launch of a test between december and the next june in caen .
equiparán the iphone of around of 200 customers and colleagues with a funda allows the payment contact .
the bpce have of a project similar in strasbourg and marseille .
and the société générale also has claimed yesterday that is preparing the marketing of a supply enable to their customers pay contact to through of their móvil .
strategic sahara to nigeria , the operating terrorist is in increase
paris are the ties between the tass in the magreb islamic and the secta boko haram .
the ties between the group terrorist the tass in the magreb islamic ( aqmi ) and the secta nigerian of boko haram , on the sospechaba since ago time , have confirmed .
the sunday , the viceministro argelino of affairs foreign , abdelkader messahel , even said that argel already &quot; has the certidumbre &quot; .
&quot; the way in both organisations operating and the reports of the services of intelligence shown that are cooperando &quot; , explain , provide more details .
paris seems come to a conclusion similar .
the research on the hostages of two people in niger the last january would pursued the pasarelas .
raptados in a restaurant of niamey people relating with aqmi , antoine of léocour and vincent delory died day next with with wounded of their secuestradores for a operation replaces the forces special french .
in the rubble of the intervention , the researchers french and nigerianos as several chips telefónicos been to the terrorists .
which terrorist
the study of the on by could to several partners based in mali , niger and nigeria .
according radio france internationale ( rfi ) , two numbers captaron especially the interest of the researchers : one leads to a nigeriano permaneció for a time in maiduguri , a city the north of nigeria , cradle of boko haram , and the one to a man , supposed , is have to aqmi and to the secta .
&quot; is of a progress , but doubt must wait to poseer evidence more formal before of speak of cooperation operational between aqmi and boko haram &quot; .
&quot; but is possible &quot; .
&quot; know since ago years it secta have of support financial and intellectual foreign and that every time is more active &quot; , says kunle amuwo , a researchers nigeriano .
these last months , these &quot; support &quot; had found every time more clear in the development and the speeches of boko haram or in their case operational , now involve the use of kamikazes or equipment explosivos every time more complex and the same lifestyle category aqmi .
the community international , beginning washington , is since then pressing to abuya to have in account the problems much boko haram .
the authorities grave , of fact , have time considering group as a community of iluminados little understandable of interest .
a success rapid
bizarre in 2002 in maiduguri in on to a mezquita , a school and imán fundamentalista succession yusuf , boko haram ( means , in hausa , &quot; the education western is a pecado &quot; ) , spreading to the both of a emirato islamic in the north muslim of nigeria .
in this region poor , the partnership is living a success rapid .
politiza and requires a respect narrower of the sharia , while their fighters killed to the fight against the government central impío .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
these last orientan in first place to the churches , the televisions , the administrations .
in 2009 , the fighters of boko haram were especially active and multiplicaron the attacks against the comisarías .
the reaction of abuya was , as is happen , widespread .
the army atacó the city and registered 800 dead .
succession yusuf , arrestado in life , receives the death in prison .
since then , the secta radicaliza and abandon their feudos the north .
the big holidays , eye a attack cause 80 dead in jos and , after , one in abuya .
in june , boko haram again to attack against abuya , in particular against the barracks general protected of the police , with a attack suicidal , the first of this kind .
in august , the headquarters local of the nations un becomes in their first aim international .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the creation of a which terrorist in africa , which abarcaría since mauritania to somalia happening nigeria , concerned to all the specialists of the security .
while which aqmi has undermined mali and niger and that the somali of al-chebab operating in kenya , boko haram arises as a new threat in the centre the continent .
the week last , during a meeting in nigeria with the president goodluck jonathan , alain juppé you has having against boko haram and has claimed that was now to &quot; share all the information &quot; .
the world according candidates republicans to the presidency
=======
the creation of a which terrorist in africa , abarcaría since mauritania to somalia happening nigeria , concerned to all the specialists of the security .
while aqmi has undermined mali and niger and that the somali of al-chebab operating in kenya , boko haram arises as a new threat in the centre the continent .
the week last , for a meeting in nigeria with the president goodluck jonathan , alain juppé you has having against boko haram and has claimed that was ready to &quot; share the the information &quot; .
the world that candidates republican to the presidency
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
in relationship with china , with iran and with the aid to israel , mitt romney , herman cain , and rick perry vying in simpleza and lack of knowledge .
a america debilitada the crisis , ¿ can manage a world complex with ideas simple or , even , simplistas ?
listening to the candidates republican to the presidential , the electorate could think that is .
since ago a days , mitt romney , herman cain , rick perry and the other candidates every time do more statements estruendosas and atajos in of policy foreign , traditionally a point strong of the republicanos .
extienden the lemas , to often infundamentados , on china , iran , the aid to israel .
mitt romney , the candidate best in the career to the designation the &quot; cardiff old party &quot; , has threatened with carry to the chinese to the wto and denunciarles &quot; manipulation of their motto &quot; , a issue key in a america exasperada the migration of fragmentos flows of their sector to asia .
is just if that means the explosion of a war commercial , said .
jon huntsman , former ambassador of obama in china and the only candidate has a vision sofisticada of the policy foreign , almost ahoga to a attitude &quot; apabulla &quot; the emotion .
has asked a dialogue clear , but equivalence , with beijing ( the position current of obama ) .
but huntsman , is reached in the day of the polls , is being inaudible .
the lifestyle of reagan
romney also has promised a intervention military in iran if the sanctions not achieve find their programme nuclear .
&quot; if salgo elected , detendré to iran &quot; , fanfarroneó .
&quot; if obama control reelegido , will the bomb &quot; .
promised also increase the aid military to israel , acusando to obama of have failed with their obligations in relationship with that partner .
<<<<<<< HEAD
the his herman cain , the second candidate best clasificado , shows their part a lack embarrassing of such subjects .
recently , instaba to counter to the threat military chinese because beijing &quot; to develop capacity nuclear &quot; , apparently her the fact of that china already at the átomo military since 1964 .
the governor tejano rick perry , that supports to israel and want intervene in iran , says that , their part , is now to orbiting the army us in mexico for fight against the which of the drugs .
=======
the entrepreneur herman cain , the second candidate best clasificado , shows their part a lack embarrassing of such subjects .
recently , instaba to counter to the threat military chinese because beijing &quot; is develop capacity nuclear &quot; , apparently carrying the fact of that china already have the átomo military since 1964 .
the governor tejano rick perry , that supports to israel and want intervene in iran , says that , their part , is ready to orbiting the army us in mexico to fight against the which of the drugs .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the appeal to the torture against the supposed terrorists , outside obama in 2009 , also preconizan cain , perry and the cresson michele bachmann .
the differences are considerable with the candidate republicano of 2008 , john mccain , a weight heavy in policy foreign .
the opponents the current president contestan that reagan also had ideas simple and won the war cold .
are that the own obama was a amateur and had that aflojar the piston in of fight against the terrorism .
insisten , with reason , in the failure of their ingenuo dialogue with iran , in the exit imperative of the &quot; boys &quot; of iraq and in their tergiversaciones in libya , and etiquetan of weak .
but the attacks not them are court .
the population juzga of a way more well positive the balance of security national of obama , is with laden laden .
since iraq , desconfía of the speeches military generate a hundimiento .
and , argumentando that ago lack rebuild economically america to revive their leadership , obama is the impression of be more fair .
the nord stream , new door of entry the gas russian in europe
the pipeline nord stream , comunica directly europe western with russia happening the fund the sea baltic , already has since in service .
must supply gas to satisfy the needs of so million of homes .
gazprom , the gigante russian the gas , has wanted there the event with great pompa .
the last tuesday , more of 500 invited , including four heads of state and of government , took to banks the baltic , between the music of the orquesta and a delicate bufet , in the opening the nord stream , the new pipeline comunica directly , under the sea , russia with germany .
symbolically , the chancellor german merkel merkel , the president russian dmitri indication , the prime minister french mitterrand fillon and their homólogo of the countries netherlands , mark rutte , have girado together the volante of the válvula controls the entry of gas russian in the network of europe western .
with this new pipeline , every year that 27,5 million of metres cubic of gas russian additional to europe western to through of a first had of 1.224 km that comunican the region of st petersburg with the land of mecklemburgo-pomerania .
<<<<<<< HEAD
a second tubo should concluirse to end of 2012 which will to a total of 55.000 million of metres cubic of gas , is say , enough for cover all the consumption french .
also , already about of the possibility of build a third tubo the same way .
for gazprom , the completion to time of this huge labour is aires of victory .
poland and the countries baltic had are strongly the project .
of done , the nord stream will to allow to gas directly to germany , preventing the course earth third countries ( poland and ukraine ) .
of coup , these two countries some something of their power : for them , will more difficult influence in russia amenazándola with cerrarle the access to the markets of europe western .
in the point álgido the debate , warsaw not dudó in compare the nord stream as a &quot; new pact germano-soviético &quot; , in reference to the alliance between hitler and stalin for should poland in 1939 .
is say , if the issue is politically delicate .
europe western , support the project russian , has were a greater security of supply .
but the price is a weakening of the europe of the energy , given which the project has led a gap between the europeans the this and the west .
russia has who , in so only five years , do triunfar their vision of a alliance direct between russia and the countries western rich , large consumers of gas and with reserves every time more limited .
&quot; this pipeline is a component of our partnership with russia , a new arteria which we unite of way conventional &quot; , this mitterrand fillon during the opening the pipeline , proving to what point the contracts the sector the gas are so political as economic .
all this explains the broad smiles in the sides of the superiors of gazprom , many in lubmin , in the point of arrival the gas .
=======
a second tubo should concluirse to end of 2012 will supply a total of 55.000 million of metres cubic of gas , is say , enough to cover all the consumption french .
also , already about of the possibility of build a third tubo the same way .
to gazprom , the completion to time of this huge labour is aires of victory .
poland and the countries baltic had are strongly the project .
of done , the nord stream is to allow supply gas directly to germany , preventing the course earth third countries ( poland and ukraine ) .
of coup , these two countries some something of their power : to them , will more difficult influence in russia amenazándola with cerrarle the access to the markets of europe western .
in the point álgido the debate , warsaw not dudó in compare the nord stream as a &quot; new pact germano-soviético &quot; , in reference to the alliance between hitler and stalin to should poland in 1939 .
is say , if the issue is politically delicate .
europe western , support the project russian , has obtained a greater security of supply .
but the price is a weakening of the europe of the energy , given the project has led a gap between the europeans the this and the west .
russia has known , in so only five years , do triunfar their vision of a alliance direct between russia and the countries western rich , large consumers of gas and with a reserves every time more limited .
&quot; this pipeline is a component of our partnership with russia , a new arteria we unite of way conventional &quot; , confirmed mitterrand fillon for the opening the pipeline , proving to what point the contracts the sector the gas are so political as economic .
all this is the broad smiles in the sides of the superiors of gazprom , many in lubmin , in the point of arrival the gas .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the construction of this pipeline also is a achievement technical .
the tubo submarino is much of steel recubierto of cement to protegerlo against the anclas of the ships .
supports in the fund the sea , to a per of 200 values of depth .
to construirlo , was necessary avoid camps of mines dating of the second war world .
&quot; was necessary fallen or destroy a centena of them , caution &quot; , jens müller , spokesman of the society nord stream .
also , was necessary providing the measures of protection of the parliament and the flora .
the tubo is a long word of metal pesa as 242 torres eiffel and not is cut in the their length : or válvulas , or stations of peacekeeping .
was due a platform of control in the water of sweden , but the responsible the project renunciaron to the same at see that the swedish not were very ready to allow that a society state russian estableciera of way permanent in the sea with to their coast .
&quot; in case of avería , interrumpiremos the step the gas in least of a minute &quot; , be jens müller .
in case of flight , the gas the pipeline liberará , therefore , to the atmosphere .
<<<<<<< HEAD
but the builders feel little likely that would a flight , since which have proves junturas which , according the forecasts , will a flight every 100.000 years .
the control the state the pipeline does by a robot submarino , arrastrado a per , which of inspections external , as by a recording which everything the interior the pipeline .
with the way of a puro , introduces in the interior the tubo , which has a distance of a metre , and at with the gas .
to their arrival , after three hours minutes of journey to a speed of three metres second , supplies data precise on possible deformaciones the metal .
the pipeline has been representing for work during fifty years need of no kind of reparación .
=======
but the builders feel little likely that would a flight , since have proves junturas , according the forecasts , will a flight every 100.000 years .
the control the state the pipeline does by a robot submarino , arrastrado a per , do inspections external , as by a recording restrict the interior the pipeline .
with the way of a puro , introduces in the interior the tubo , has a distance of a metre , and seeing with the gas .
to their arrival , after three hours complete of journey to a speed of three metres second , supplies data precise on possible deformaciones the metal .
the pipeline has been representing to work for fifty years need of no kind of reparación .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
the movement the gas does simply the pressure .
the principle is of 200 bars and , to the exit of 100 bars .
five companies have joined their forces to be carry to out this project .
the company leader is gazprom , has the 51 % of the cautiously .
to she , unieron the german e.on and basf ( 15,5 % every one ) , as the neerlandesa gasunie and the group french gdf suez ( 9 % every one ) .
these five societies have created a company common , called nord stream , encargada of build and exploiting the pipeline .
has their headquarters in zoug , switzerland , where the taxation is especially favourable .
after , gazprom alquiló to that society , for a term of how years renewable , the whole of the capacities of transport of gas .
&quot; to gazprom you paid the capacity total , regardless of the amount of gas really transport &quot; , be jens müller .
the funding of the construction the pipeline has taken just in a 30 % with the contribution of the accionistas and in a 70 % by loans banking .
the cost total of the labour should achieve 7.400 million of eur to the two tubos .
to gdf suez , example , the investment has reached the 240 million .
but the accionistas weaker are sure of that not superarán their investment , since gazprom moderating itself only the risk of the expenditure .
the pipeline emerge the baltic in lubmin , in a coast arenosa plantada of pinos .
a válvulas , with 4,5 metres of level , are the door of exit the gas .
there a sensors miden the pressure , the temperature and the characteristics specific the gas to the arrival , before of that owed to the pipelines german .
since the last tuesday , the terminal receives one million of metres cubic of gas russian every time .
to total capacity , will three million time and in 2012 , six million .
moleskine , a libreta of mark .
by ago half century a company italian , moleskine want restore to the people the will the escritura .
has a air of adventure , of hours of escritura to the light of a vela .
the libreta moleskine recognised easily , with their solder rectangulares blackest , their plastic , their hojas of colour white roto , as envejecidas the time .
however , the libretas moleskine with the aspect current born ... in 1997 .
the company italian way way , based in milan , decided in at time launch the market a libreta of brief of design , but distinguida .
maria sebregondi , at then consultora of the company , acted the launch the new product .
the libreta have in a former techniques of production , the mole skin ( fur of topo ) , as to a cotton barnizado dispense , between other things , to cover the banquetas .
this kind of libreta was very valued the writers and the passenger .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; moleskine has adaptado the will current a subject old and neglected , a icono of the artists vanguardistas to the century the &quot; , has maria sebregondi , which since then became in responsible of the mark in way way .
and karlsbad the success .
between 2006 and 2010 , the sales by in a 26 % , to achieve a volume of 12,7 million of units vendidas .
far has been the production confidential of the first years , in the which only planned 3.000 libretas .
moleskine will more beyond of the borders italian and exported their products to 70 countries , since france to states united .
is difficult determine the profile the one , since which the cuaderno of brief attracts therefore to men of business as to students and professionals .
the as which moleskine , their users are cosmopolitas , of spirit open and opulence .
the small company italian , which had with twelve workers in their beginning , now has closely of 100 and , since 2008 , has two offices : one in milan and the one in new york .
distribuye their cuadernos in bookshops , since the fnac to the small shops the centre of the cities , and has who impose their identity .
&quot; we we adaptado to the times and to the need of write , to despite the on of the post electronic &quot; , explains maria sebregondi .
this signing cultural will of the hand with the development of moleskine : recently , the mark has it the statement &quot; detour &quot; where architects or artists there their own cuaderno .
in august , launched also a cuaderno with tapas of leopardo , with reason the festival of cinema of locarno .
commend their success and this aura cultural , moleskine has who been their products : bolsos , public , bolígrafos , fundas of computer ... the mark training a wider range of soportes .
a success which from envidia : in autumn of 2006 , way way was acquired the fund of investment sg capital europe , in the today syntegra capital , escribiéndose a new website in the history of moleskine .
¿ what the rate of unemployment of the workers disabled still being so higher ?
around the 19 % of the people with are for a employment .
the xv week for the employment of the disabled starts today .
to despite of a policy public settled , applied since 2005 , the rate of unemployment between the people with greater the rate average : a 19 % , with the 9 % for the whole of the population .
=======
&quot; moleskine has adaptado will current a subject old and neglected , a icono of the artists vanguardistas to the century the &quot; , has maria sebregondi , since then became in responsible of the mark in way way .
and gained the success .
between 2006 and 2010 , the sales increased in a 26 % , to achieve a volume of 12,7 million of units vendidas .
far has been the production confidential of the first years , in the only planned 3.000 libretas .
moleskine is more beyond of the borders italian and exported their products to 70 countries , since france to states united .
is difficult determine the profile the buyer , since the cuaderno of brief attracts therefore to men of business as to students and professionals .
the as moleskine , their users are cosmopolitas , of spirit open and opulence .
the small company italian , had with twelve workers in their beginning , now has closely of 100 and , since 2008 , has two offices : one in milan and the one in new york .
distribuye their cuadernos in bookshops , since the fnac to the small shops the centre of the cities , and has known impose their identity .
&quot; we have adaptado to the times and to the need of write , to despite the on of the post electronic &quot; , is maria sebregondi .
this signing cultural is of the hand with the development of moleskine : recently , the mark has masks the statement &quot; detour &quot; where architects or artists there their own cuaderno .
in august , launched also a cuaderno with tapas of leopardo , with reason the festival of cinema of locarno .
commend their success and this aura cultural , moleskine has known been their products : bolsos , public , bolígrafos , fundas of computer ... the mark training a wider range of soportes .
a success causes envidia : in autumn of 2006 , way way was acquired the fund of investment sg capital europe , in the today syntegra capital , escribiéndose a new website in the history of moleskine .
¿ what the rate of unemployment of the workers disabled is being so higher ?
around the 19 % of the people disabled are for a employment .
the xv week to the employment of the disabled starts today .
to despite of a policy public settled , applied since 2005 , the rate of unemployment between the people disabled concern the rate average : a 19 % , with 9 % to the whole of the population .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
¿ desalentadora ?
&quot; not &quot; , says éric blanchet , director general of adapt , the partnership don the week to the employment of the disabled .
&quot; the progress alcanzados since ago fifteen years are considerable .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; in at then , the rate of unemployment not was two sometimes but three sometimes more higher that the average .
&quot; however , still is far do &quot; .
be mention that the unemployed disabled are enfrentándose to many obstacles for access the employment .
=======
&quot; in at then , the rate of unemployment not was two times but three times more higher that the average .
&quot; however , still is far do &quot; .
be mention that the unemployment disabled are enfrentándose to many obstacles to access employment .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
usually have a age more older : the 37 % has more of 50 years ( a 17 % of average ) .
they a level of jobs little high : the 80 % not has over the bachillerato and , of the 2,3 million of students in the education higher , so only 10.000 are disabled .
last , the unemployment of long duration is very widespread between them : the 53 % to the disabled , with 38 % of average .
is say , there many issues dificultan especially the return the world labour and &quot; are the quid the problem &quot; , christian grapin , director general of tremplin , a partnership by in 1992 to help to the companies to you workers disabled .
these are the obstacles objective .
<<<<<<< HEAD
also , there those which not made ; the mentality of the people is , but too slowly .
a study out in april the partnership ims-entreprendre for the cité puts that the directors encuestados have &quot; a level of knowledge on the persons under &quot; , with a &quot; representation excessive of the people in wheelchair of wheelchair , deficientes físicos or intellectuals &quot; .
the result : the companies private with more of 20 workers are very far the aim of you a 6 % of workers disabled , aim which fijó in a law of ... 1987 .
according the last figures available , which dating of 2008 , at a relationship the 2,6 % .
&quot; now they in on the 3 % &quot; , out pierre disagree , director general of agefiph , the agency responsible of custom the contributions of the companies which not boost this law .
the test : the number of establishment &quot; subject to this contribution &quot; , the as that the cuantías desembolsadas , have over between 2007 and 2011 , happening of 59.000 to 46.000 structures ( and of 606 to 480 million of eur ) .
&quot; the law of 2005 , which aumentaba the contributions , has led a great pressure for the companies &quot; , explains pierre disagree .
&quot; but this improvement also reflects a real concienciación , in particular between the large groups &quot; .
according the ministry of work , so only the 59 % of the societies which they between 20 and 49 workers has with used disabled in their plantilla , with the 82 % of the companies of between 100 and 199 workers .
hazard : &quot; a joy &quot;
to point of face to the blues the tuesday the night ( 20h45 ) , eden hazard and georges leekens not make the pleasure which them generated this party friendly .
not we atreveremos to say that notaba israeli between them , but the image is symbolic .
=======
also , there those not is ; the mentality of the people is , but too slowly .
a study out in april the partnership ims-entreprendre to the cité puts that the directors encuestados have &quot; a level of knowledge on the persons under &quot; , with a &quot; representation excessive of the people in wheelchair of wheelchair , deficientes físicos or intellectuals &quot; .
the result : the companies private with more of 20 workers are very far the aim of you a 6 % of workers disabled , aim fijó in a law of ... 1987 .
according the last figures available , dating of 2008 , are a relationship the 2,6 % .
&quot; now they in on 3 % &quot; , pierre like , director general of agefiph , the agency responsible of have the contributions of the companies not boost this law .
the test : the number of establishment &quot; subject to this contribution &quot; , the as that the cuantías desembolsadas , have over between 2007 and 2011 , happening of 59.000 to 46.000 structures ( and of 606 to 480 million of eur ) .
&quot; the law of 2005 , aumentaba the contributions , has led a great pressure to the companies &quot; , is pierre like .
&quot; but this improvement also is a real concienciación , in particular between the large groups &quot; .
according the ministry of work , so only the 59 % of the societies they between 20 and 49 workers has with used disabled in their plantilla , with 82 % of the companies of between 100 and 199 workers .
hazard : &quot; a joy &quot;
to point of face to the blues the tuesday the night ( 20h45 ) , eden hazard and georges leekens not make the pleasure them generated this party friendly .
not we atreveremos to say that notaba connivance between them , but the image is symbolic .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
sentados one with the one , in the estrado the auditorio the stade of france , georges leekens and eden hazard really have done the paces .
five months after the gesture of grudge of their delantero against turkey , the seleccionador belgian not has more praise to he .
&quot; i taking much eden , their progress and because be belgian &quot; .
&quot; i move &quot; , you react the delantero of lille .
in as the contrast between their presentaciones in their team and in the selection , &quot; is a whole &quot; , has justified .
&quot; in lille , am all the year , what which not applies to belgium .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; i that situarme &quot; .
swiss for playing against romania the friday the night , taking in account this party against france , hazard next to saint-denis for , end , &quot; brillar &quot; .
either the &quot; pleasure &quot; .
has animando to the blues since that had seven years , as during the campaigns victoriosas of 1998 and 2000 .
&quot; always i been their fan &quot; , says .
doubt , that will to strengthen especially the nature &quot; particular &quot; the meeting .
=======
&quot; have that situarme &quot; .
swiss to playing against romania the friday the night , taking in account this party against france , hazard next to saint-denis to , end , &quot; brillar &quot; .
either the &quot; pleasure &quot; .
has animando to the blues since that had seven years , as for the campaigns victoriosas of 1998 and 2000 .
&quot; always i been their fan &quot; , says .
doubt , that is to strengthen especially the nature &quot; particular &quot; the meeting .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
especially because facing &quot; to mathieu ( debuchy ) , yohan ( cabaye ) and adil ( rami ) &quot; , reminds .
&quot; we have of faced ago bit .
&quot; playing against them always is a joy . &quot;
with sencillez , leekens has done their part reference the &quot; pride &quot; .
<<<<<<< HEAD
&quot; pride &quot; also &quot; a party of and &quot; .
&quot; pride &quot; also check , as &quot; neighbour &quot; , which france &quot; again to be a team of very high level &quot; , closely of a year after the traumatismo of knysna .
&quot; laurent disagree has done a work due &quot; , said with enthusiasm .
while which belgium not will to the next competition european , the technician would delighted of power share air with the blues towards ... brazil , in 2014 .
&quot; our small belgas are growing &quot; , skills .
=======
&quot; pride &quot; will &quot; a party of and &quot; .
&quot; pride &quot; also check , as &quot; neighbour &quot; , france &quot; again to be a team of very high level &quot; , closely of a year after the traumatismo of knysna .
&quot; laurent like has done a work excellent &quot; , said with enthusiasm .
while belgium not will to the next competition european , the technician would delighted of power share air with the blues to ... brazil , in 2014 .
&quot; our small belgas are growing &quot; , upgrading .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
&quot; are build something ; the players are ambitious , are hungry .
&quot; podrán verlo in the next parties &quot; . including the party against france .
portugal shows a confidence
the portugal of paulo bento facing with a great optimism party of back against bosnia ( 22h00 ) , will the tuesday in lisbon .
in the party of adi , them missing realism to both equipment .
&quot; when transcurran these 90 minutes , be a team happy and , on all , a country happy &quot; .
paulo bento already is in poland and in ukraine .
not has no doubt ; the selecçao , is since september of 2010 , is to cualificarse to the championship of 2012 .
indeed , so only 90 minutes separate to portugal of the happiness .
<<<<<<< HEAD
but there a party which playing and a rival , bosnia , which defeat .
taking in account the party of adi ( 0-0 ) , the friday in the hell of zenica , seems clear that the thing not is my .
portugal delayed the party during more of a time , , but not could turned the valuable gol which you would given the house .
&quot; is a good result , but to the time means a risk , since which not we debates outside of home &quot; .
but in home , in the bright charleroi of the light of lisbon , the reassure are much of that pasarán , to a public which should be as of happy , even if is clear that the party &quot; is very near &quot; , dixit a bento positive but lúcido .
&quot; we that the party is very near , but are completely much of that we take the delantera &quot; , declared the you not of 42 years .
&quot; we taking a 50 % of possibilities of participate in the championship 2012 &quot; , has , not however , relativizado the successor of iv queiroz .
the draw the friday in bosnia forced to the reassure to turned and to earn .
to the bosnios them could to a draw , although also have need of turned .
&quot; is a good result , but to the time means a risk , since which not we debates outside of home &quot; , regrets bento .
&quot; we to playing against a team which has a great quality technical and which at of players with a great quality individual &quot; , added .
the as which in zenica , the reassure iran with the intention of exercise , since the principle , a pressure paramount on the bosnios for &quot; not dejarles time to think &quot; .
a good idea , always which , this time , be realistic .
=======
but there a party playing and a rival , bosnia , defeat .
taking in account the party of adi ( 0-0 ) , the friday in the hell of zenica , seems clear that the thing not is proactive .
portugal delayed the party for more of a time , , but not could usher the valuable gol you would given the house .
&quot; is a good result , but to the time means a risk , since not have separated outside of home &quot; .
but in home , in the bright crowd of the light of lisbon , the versa are much of that pasarán , to a public should be as of happy , even if is clear that the party &quot; is very near &quot; , dixit a bento positive but lúcido .
&quot; we that the party is very near , but are completely much of that we take the delantera &quot; , declared the you not of 42 years .
&quot; we taking a 50 % of possibilities of participate in the championship 2012 &quot; , has , not however , relativizado the successor of iv queiroz .
the draw the friday in bosnia forced to the versa to usher and to win .
to the bosnios them could come a draw , although also have need of usher .
&quot; is a good result , but to the time means a risk , since not have separated outside of home &quot; , regrets bento .
&quot; we to playing against a team has a great quality technical and have of players with a great quality individual &quot; , added .
the as in zenica , the versa at with the intention of exercise , since the principle , a pressure paramount on the bosnios to &quot; not dejarles time to think &quot; .
a good idea , always , this time , be realistic .
>>>>>>> 1012e788ac1120af3ca47828c35d2f70773eecc0
=======
the parliament not supported a amendment for release to tymoshenko 
the parliament of ukraine has rejected today the proposal of lifted the amendment of the section the code criminal in the that condemns to the leader of the opposition yulia tymoshenko . 
the change weakening the doors to the of the exprimer minister , but the parliamentary rejected the proposal of reduce the sentences crimes economic in the second reading . 
in october , tymoshenko was sentenciada to seven years of prison the presunta signing of a agreement with russia desventajoso for ukraine on buying of natural gas . 
the judgment still not is firm , the court of appeal has the duty of revisarla in december . 
tymoshenko was convinced of that was of a venganza policy the regime , and even in west have that doubt on the impartiality the court . 
the proposal of that retirase the paragraph 365 the code criminal with the that condemned to the former first minister was supported 147 members in the vote . 
for their 226 votes . 
the victory of libya 
the history of the liberation libya , or of the which libya , already has their losers . 
muammar el-gaddafi was befriended in a place secret in the desert and without he already not there war . 
is define who is the vencedor 
as is already preparation in the region , the islamists ganaron the elections , but now is of dilucidar if is of moderates or radical 
the national council of transition has fact into in force the traditional law , the , that already in true way we . 
libya will in a country without crime , because to the honour them the hand . 
the women already can go olvidando of emanciparse and the waiting their execution and so sucesivamente . 
in place of the person the dictator , the society , an of hill guerreras , join the koran . 
in libya set a order that not we we not imagine and that certainly not we . 
without however , our way of life not is not the only not objective the better and , probably , not them betraying , in change , to the who already three . 
what true is that not is of stunning that the islamic enemies thankful redundancy the aid of the dogs infieles . 
the only justification was that , since their point of view , the attacks of the nato not the schuman a general us , but large be have , whose greatness were after every a of the successful speeches . 
when for vencedores in libya , west not is between them . 
we trapped in a shootout the that serve the islamists and our political for s of a dictator in the person of a ally political without that has guarantees of obtain profits . 
after the recent poor experiences of afghanistan and iraq , not which libya militarily . 
in this case , to the local not them is a problem who to the & quot ; crusaders & quot ; 
but , without occupation loosely the petroleras done with the gold black recognise only with good words ? 
is quite possible that not , but can be that finally west can presumir of protect the rights human . 
always that the followers of the not we crossing . 
starts a new was of the crisis 
france and the rest of europe will to the hunting the buscador of investors 
a statistical torbellino has widespread europe 
the individual states have published their data the gdp for q3 . 
the economy czech in the intercuatrimestral period has plateau , while that france and germany have grown . 
without however , the market of bonds today has it records . 
the investors already not fijan only in italy , but also in spain , france , austria and other . 
the dawned statistics of the eurozona , germany , liberec and other european countries , already have published their hypothetical estimates on economic growth in the third quarter . 
the gdp of germany the 0,5 % to , the of france the 0,4 % 
both countries have public fact the data the second cuatrimestre , in germany has just more of what expected ( growth the 0,3 % in time the to 0,1 % ) , although in france was a this reduction the 0,1 % ( the original data spoke of extends ) . 
the economy czech interanualmente a 1,5 % in the third quarter of this year . 
without however , in the intercuatrimestral period , the internal product gross ( gdp ) has plateau and according the constitutes the trend to the slowdown find in the growth the economic development . 
the results are still worst that the forecasts of the analysts . 
events main : 
interanualmente , the economy czech in the third quarter of this year a 1,5 % , but cuatrimestralmente has plateau . 
in the third quarter , the economy german , according the data very and recalculados estacionalmente , a 0,5 % . 
the economy of the eurozona and also of the union european , between july and setiembre and in compared with the previous quarter , a 0,2 % , what that concuerda with the expectations of the analysts . 
the economy greek has fallen interanualmente the 5,2 % . 
the interest of their bonds to ten years is the 28,45 % . 
the interest of the italian bonds and spaniards has grown to critical limits . 
the situation commission starts to affect also to austria , dutch , france , belgium , etc . 
the interests of the bonds czech to ten years are in the 4 % , although in the area the situation is account . 
in germany quoting voices that say that the ecb should give loans in last ultimately . 
the czech classify for the championship . 
vencieron 1 : 0 and up the classification with a for 200 million . 
the team of football does with the more task difficult of whole the season ! 
in montenegro , thank the and the brilliant portero petr , was the victory 1 : 0 . 
the team czech , with with a good takes of fortunately in the second time , for of the attacks the local team , of way that not to the quotation the championship european . 
ihned.cz continued detalladamente the development the party in a exploit minucioso . 
not there almost ambivalent in the first half and a good takes of fortunately in the second . 
the team czech , thank the collapse the local team towards the end , and also the excellent game of and the heroico , 1 : 0 in montenegro and is their pass the championship of europe . 
to cause of the defence czech , the montenegrinos not presionaron to the second half . 
the two perjudicados the party were and , that red to two large times . 
also , thank the genial , the eleven czech not to the quotation of the cup of europe , what that to the coffers the national football you will a working of 200 million of billion . 
already since the first minutes was a good game ofensivo . 
both equipment so only in keep the lines and jugaron more nothing in about the centre the field . 
not there pressure of the local players in the first half , patadones the another field in defence , exactly what that the defence czech it avoid . 
the iranian students are prepared to die the programme nuclear of their country . 
formaron a shield human . 
several hundreds of students it formaron human shields around of nuclear installations in iran . 
with their gesture want express their support the programme nuclear of their country to a possible attack israeli . 
the students put to orar the tuesday the at to the installations and after corearon slogans of death to us and israel . 
several hundreds of students it formaron the tuesday in the city as of human shields around the technological centre nuclear in that working with uranium . 
to demonstrate that are prepared to defend the programme nuclear of their country with their own lives . 
the international agency for the atomic energy ( aiea ) , in a recent report , discovered that iran , according all the signs , afana to nuclear weapons . 
in israel about of a possible attack to the nuclear installations iranian . 
the students put to orar the at to the nuclear installations of and then were slogans of death against ee.uu . and israel . 
in case of attack , whose aim would paralizar the programme nuclear as , accommodation , according sources israelis , not only the central of , but also the installations of natanz , where enriches uranium . 
on daily of a child obeso : not desayuna and dinner analogues 
more of a third of the children with age percentage between the 9 and 13 years have problems of obesity , where the obesity affects the 9 % of the population school and the obesity the 5 % . 
the children overweight from in their majority of families with a lifestyle of life that not is healthy , according from of current research . 
again to demonstrate what is the importance the environment where overall for a development healthy of the person , so as the models that serve of reference . 
in the table , the children obsesos deplored , example , of analogues the least with the double of often that the children of families with normal weight . 
for dinner , more the 19 % of the overweight had cenado potatoes fritas the day before the analysis , the which is linked the programme of prevention & quot ; the obesity not is a casualidad & quot ; . 
in the families of children with obesity not there preparation of people sports , what which is applies to the majority of the current families , where only the 15 % of the children did that their parents , the least a time week , are time for the physical exercise . 
survey so to 900 children 
the survey was to end the last year school and took in the same almost 900 children of basic education of whole liberec . 
already was the second edition the programme of & quot ; the obesity of not is a casualidad & quot ; , that supports the company of sure health general and the company unilever . 
to now , have participated in the more project of 12 billion children since the to the course . 
a dieta appropriate and quite exercise in family are factors determinantes , that do decrease contribution the number of children with obesity and even obesity . 
& quot ; only the half of the children encuestados have answer that have five lunches joys according the regime : breakfast , lunch , food , merienda and dinner , that is a of the conditions in for a healthy dieta & quot ; , other one of the results of the survey . 
without breakfast but with embutido for dinner 
the specialists avisan of that , in a development healthy , are important , also , the details , that also have , as example have a time set for the breakfast in family . 
in liberec , not however , only the 23 % of the families of schoolchildren desayunan to the same time . 
in the majority of the families , every one desayuna only . 
but what worst was be that in the 10 % of the who not desayuna nothing . 
the breakfast is , without however , the basis of a dieta daily right . 
the study shows that in the families of children overweight consume with very more often the insanas potatoes fritas . 
almost all - regardless the weight - they to daily refrescos dulces ( 70 % ) . 
general rule do sport more the 40 % of the children encuestados , without however , pronounced their parents this result reduces to least of the half , only the 15 % . 
your dieta 
the next stage the study that the chavales elected ( 204 boys and 172 girls of 13 schools ) creasen their own which to from of all the possible takeover according their tastes and views . 
& quot ; the entourage food of the children czech in age percentage between the 12 and 15 years , since the point of view of a food healthy , are very removed of what ideal . & quot ; 
between their food their are the pasta , the meat and the dulces 
& quot ; is on all alarming the popularity of the refrescos dulces & quot ; , by in the report end the study . 
as food main has the palma the pasta and you still of close the meat of subsiding . 
virtually , the children reject always the legumbre and the will the fish and the i is very under . 
change to habits made 
the same time , the study shows that the children are prepared to change their habits food if receive the information fair . 
& quot ; in the group of control of the participants in the study , that rellenaron the cuestionario after of end the programme of prevention & quot ; the obesity not is a casualidad & quot ; , was in many cases a important change to favour of the principles of a food healthy & quot ; , urgency in the results the study . 
is the attention , example , what concerning to the refrescos dulces , where many to preferir the normal water and aware . 
the children also with more often in the cuestionario the meat of subsiding and the fish for the food main and the consumption of fresh food and the derivatives of harina . 
the estilista has of be also a good , maintain the professionals 
in the article introductorio , how about the estilistas , already i a little of that the initial lessons already were quite cargadas . 
not had not idea of how would what . 
conferences of three professionals the ramo , how he to eventual problem and , also , a seminar on how works in the world the entertainment . 
and will worst . 
as more close are the examinations end , more information and tasks practices we aguardan 
and although the course develops every saturday and sunday , already not be a alfiler . 
we time we studied with the director , alena , ( in the course not there no man ) on how he to the woman that not has a perfect . 
and so is the great majority . 
someone is cuellicorto , someone has a on estilizada without the curvas right and someone suffering obesity . 
the estilista has of know a shoulders anchos , alargar a bottleneck or recrear the necessary curvas 
we have given certain noticed on how do i the body of women the kind of jennifer oxide , of pechos and enormous caderas but cintura close and the same time not vestirla of a way too desafiante 
if , example , the difference between the cintura and the caderas is so that the skirt or the trousers not adaptan , is the it done coser the least a paper of abkhazia extra to measure . 
without doubt not , because the clothes that where perfectly is impagable . 
with a skirt to measure relieved much better that with a that not for of get , levantarse , baila in the cintura , etc . 
the body estilizado can allow he clothes with pliegues , adornos , bordados or drapeados . 
there certainly many types of various information and of bodies , so that i readjust of that have of whole the week for to order in my head whole this information . 
and even so , i fear that with the task asignada , already i more that of too . 
to every participant in the course you have allocated two famous , to the that must solutions two vestuarios : one for the day and another for the night . 
there that have in account the current aspect , the lifestyle of fashionable that adecue to the person in question . 
i has tocado & quot ; he & quot ; to miranda kerr , perhaps the of the campaign of victory & apos ; be secret . 
out within , for me is much better that , example , britney spears or christina aguilera , that recently will engordado a hundred double ( favour , have in account the excessive ) , or the selena . 
the overalls we that recortarlos of the weeklies or buscarlos in internet and imprimirlos , for after elaborarlos graphically . 
the moodboard , that is as is the result completely , expressed also our personal lifestyle and our relationship with the design . 
is important also think in the part the estilismo . 
the estilista , therefore , not viste only physically , but that also taken , example , of the pages of products in the weeklies ( of specific subjects , as trends , bolsos , coats , etc. ) . 
of all this we spoke the estilista and leather . 
but all this already is for the sunday . 
the estilista has of have a global vision . 
the three invited specialists him the conference the saturday with information on all kind of bodies . 
the estilista honza , the leather of fashionable jakub polanka and the of fashionable ben . 
jakub we reminded that the fashionable is a illusion and the estilista should saberle from party to this . 
and a good estilista know work with a same prenda of he of various forms . 
the variabilidad is , in this case , fundamental . 
so , the as gabardina ( or as say in english , trench-coat ) can he to what chauvinism with vaqueros and camiseta , but also it for he the body he with shoes of and fotografiarlo as if it in reality a clothing . 
or well enough arremangarla and higher the bottleneck for obtain a image completely different . 
& quot ; jugad with this & quot ; , we stressed . 
what that more valoro is the next council : & quot ; for start to work , ago lack that first all the rules & quot ; . 
& quot ; then already tell romperlas & quot ; , said jakub . 
end i is clear what memorizamos all these keep , what being with what , what , if then is that in the weeklies of fashionable we we different results . 
that without about of the desfiles . 
thank the ben , i that a estilista has that have more types of clothes in the reserve of the that to fotografiar . 
so , for a history of fashionable that have ten pages ( therefore , ten outfits ) , there that have splendid , lists for use , the least fifteen . 
and also that the photos the clothes works in combination with other prendas , all them different to the that mines in the reality . 
all this there that times in account to the time of solutions the outfit . 
honza we assured that the image and the lifestyle neurodegenerative them alone , in many cases , the half the success . 
enough look to madonna , that not is precisely a as extraordinary , but the image and the have fact of it a star world . 
in liberec , the time , not there still a trend clear to use the services of the estilistas . 
to the eventual famous also what are pointless ( i mere my skills , my physical aspect not has so importance ) . 
and when someone we pida our services , there that have in account that is very likely that we indiquen a stature very different to the their real ( less ) . 
then only is guglear and physically if the weeklies the heart already have writing on the issue , if a certain celebridad has engordado / adelgazado , etc . 
the sunday , honza and we insistieron in that the estilista not you enough orientarse in the fashionable , but that has that understand of outfit . 
during their work , on all must communicate with the people to the that viste , what that is fundamental be a good . 
know appreciate to the people , not ago of least , is their views . 
& quot ; when a director you contrata for that you the vestuario and what with prendas fine , not tell catch and throwing all what that had and say : & quot ; huy what horror & quot ; & quot ; . 
& quot ; encontrad the least a couple of things that ponderar and recommend for that someone the can to & quot ; , says . 
he same also we was that all must caber in the call & quot ; placovka & quot ; , is say , the exchange of work . 
this set around of the cintura and have there all the necessary tools . 
are items as nail , as nail , quitapelusas , or imperdibles . there also balance of nailon ( that you it the estilista during the session of photos of such products that bolsos or gorros ) , pinzas special of enganche of prendas front , if this outside greater ( the alfileres and another kind of enganches not are permitidos , therefore could damage the fabric ) , or a game of remnant . 
for not slogans in the usual pasiva and to something in practice , we learned to revestir the suela of the shoes . 
even during the sessions of photos in the study , in a flat surface , could damage the suela and much more still the foreign . 
and not did more that revestir and revestir . 
not we play the shoes with the nail for not accident . 
so that had that be very . 
i has given a joy the who my work without reserves . 
the truth is that not i are very well these skills . 
this is only a small part of all the that we heard during all the end of week , in the second part the course . 
already i i given account that commit the estilismo to professional level not is a way of reflect , but i exactly as what that fairly the people . 
in need at speed : the run competing whole america . 
renders 
a journey , in principle despreocupado , complicates to cause of a series of descuidos impropios of a journey routine during the time of morning . 
in certain measure managed cover the expectations , but this not it of nothing , if , in reality , not intended do nothing so . 
the new over , to the that the title adds the run , large adherents expectations already before of their estreno . 
that would new aires to the former saga of to need at speed and , to result of what shown , is as a game that not should end being other time a gender of action without more . 
also we we curiosos know how einstein the scenes insertadas , where the like main falling the car and rolex their own ordinary . 
as often happen in the series of nfs , the results not vary great thing regard to what that we those . 
there to that can to tonnage , but in the total some points to cause of failures absurd , that already come apareciendo in the series since ago years . 
in reality not can not blend errors , but that is more well of the incomprehensible desgana of the programadores . 
the adventure starts very well . 
you predictability in a history , whose leading , as , has certain personal problems ; for resolverlos , you offers participate in a career illegal whole america . 
you the volante in the at west , in st which , and excuses mission is to the first to new york . 
the idea is offer something interesting . 
the route into in ten stages and , then , in more of fifty to . 
of this follows that every career has place a route different and the stages are localizadas in different forestry , that are quite various and interesting . 
of that way , one not has not remotamente the that of that the game will always what same . 
some of the forestry are even agradables to the view , although the technical level the is equivalent the of previous evidence of the series . 
therefore , not is nothing the another world . 
but the walk the desert , the or the high mountains covered of snow is a effect about very an . 
also , the to diversifican of time in when a element . 
so , example , in the desert you a storm of bit that ever the visibility . 
in change , in the mountains there that have care for that not you sepulte a avalancha . 
according that , every a of the to is very well developed . 
only there a couple of models , but with that enough . 
during a time , adelantar to a amount of rival exigida ( what normal in a classical career ) , after of earn time ( duel chauvinism cronometrado ) and then you expected a duel against a only adversario . 
in half of all this is to sometimes the police , that not ago but obstruct still more the things . 
the odysseus are the landscape outside the car . 
have animaciones interactivas when as , in the majority of the cases , has of escape of someone and fine you that ayudarlo , always pulsando the fair in the time fair . 
nothing complicated . 
is surprising , without however , that has enough least landscape in the game of what that be wait ( in particular there only three ) . 
but the result end is positive , because this element not a to be upsetting and , in the context already mentioned , is one of the elements that do that the game it more interesting . 
the model of underlined still the fingerprinting of the previous episodes . 
that to say that to day of today already not be great thing , but not can that that be bad . 
if a realistic , already tell to in other part . 
but to a career by with quite action you be quite this lifestyle of underlined , although we find something better between the games of the competition . 
to here , all in order . 
but the problems arise after of a true time . 
to difference of what right of the models of underlined , already not happens what same with the collisions . 
of games of this kind not be wait that recree deformaciones and collisions complicated , but of fact before of a coup against any subject , not tell predict how vuestro prosecution , with what which not all is in order . 
is typical that , the do a adelantamiento very ajustado or able the prosecution with a traffic normal , so only has covered roces , but in other situations almost identical , vuestro prosecution has doing piruetas descontroladas . 
or even has completely destroyed . 
thank the system of reseteo , not arise large problems , but can poneros of humour . 
the reseteos are programados of as way that , when sufres a accident or you sales of the back , the game you restituye the last point of rescue in the back . 
without however , in every career only at of five available reseteos . 
if the all , you that restart the career since the principle . 
so therefore not is more that a aid in case of that something not will well , but not is very of fiar . 
to sometimes , not the reseteo aid , only aid the aprenderse the stage is of memory . 
a great disadvantage the game is that the ourselves facts are in different places . 
in some curvas , example , there that into of a way specific ; of another way , are being of take . 
other sometimes you in some website vehicles & quot ; civil & quot ; always with the same configuration , although the first , quintos or five minutes before or after . 
this ago of rabiar on all in situations , when veis that two autos that will the i in directions diametrically , your contrincante adelanta without problems , but when , girar or well ruthless . 
is as when , because is programmed that the & quot ; surprise & quot ; always will front of release narices . 
the adversaries have also a advantage more . 
during whole the starting to websites where , without have in account the time , always you the same adversario in the same website . 
also this happens the end of the starting , in a long bridge , what which is still more chocante . 
vuestro oponente must to before that fine , the price that be . 
when will front of fine , you difficult the vision of the autos that come of with , so that the principle tell do papilla the car . 
can understand the idea of create a game with maximum takes of suspense and adrenalina , but the execution is so apparent that surely you decepcione delay . 
and is a it , because although the model the journey be simple , the game is fun and with action , of way that to often not is possible to the detail what that is not where . 
and really as , if the merit has the idea with fifty ski standardise or the classification in the career for that not quepa the platitude , or any other thing . 
a inhabitual idea is the change of autos during the to . 
you that be to to the surtidores of petrol the on of the road , because exactly there you that change of prosecution , although in the great majority of the cases you suffice what that you . 
the autos into in three categories . 
the sport are suitable for areas urban , the strong autos american for the motorways rectas and the superdeportivos for a underlined technical , example , roads of mountain with curvas . 
also balance narrativo main also is a balance of challenges parallel , is say , there to in specific places that the stories . 
here not only medals , but also points of experience for vuestro profile , that it therefore for the challenges as the cuentos . 
the achieve the higher level , the driver you open several possibilities , beginning the prosecution and acabando with funds for the profile . 
the same time , there conectada a role autolog in line , that preceding vuestros results with the of other players and other disponibiliza duties community . 
one of the more elements difficult of understand is how is nation the last career in the history . 
with the car to the tunnel the metre ( pass ) , where you to to to shameful the ways ( pass ) . 
the you mark between 150 and 200 km / h ( pass ) and , of suddenly , behind you a the convoy the metre and you has front without more . 
in the wording surely we a discussion on this during several days , on if during the programming the game none was even a little or if the authors of truth we take a buffoons of bobos . 
the technical part the game not is nothing so , but the least the effects visuales general are in the majority of the cases agradables , to sometimes to soberbios . 
therefore what it that , in the at more tensos reduces the quality of image and , in times , of a serious way . 
this affects on all to the accidents where there involucrados many participants , when the quality of continual image already not is valid . 
the audio is well and the bandwidth sonora is a question of tastes . 
to end of that be the welcome to the greater part the group youth , the bandwidth sonora belongs to the category & quot ; every one of their father and of their mother & quot ; , but can mean that nobody torment the game only their music . 
the that end of need at speed : the run is therefore quite confused . 
if the game evitase errors absolutely questioners , we we problems in that that the run is the better game of nfs of the last years . 
the that of that the game not is completed . 
the is asegurada , but preparaos because the errors you slap in the eyes with the force of a reflectores of airport . 
the coros of the university carolina attending in the of & quot ; students of velvet & quot ; . 
the since joint the international day of the students and the anniversary of the revolution of velvet as musical experience will place third time in the festival festa academica . 
during the same , presented twenty corales of centres of secondary and it . 
the festival this in about to two concerts the 17 of november . 
& quot ; the university carolina has a high participation in the festival & quot ; . 
between the current coros are the coral of the faculty of and the faculty of humanidades , in the committee the festival is the rector hampl & quot ; , said the responsible of the organisation , jakub . 
the summit of all the festival is the free entry for all the public the of of the coros of secondary , that will the 17 of march to the 14 front hours of the technical national in dejvice . 
the programme account with the participation the jazzista czech karel and their celebration about mass . 
the night will in the places of since of the home municipal in vynohrady the of & quot ; students of velvet & quot ; , in that attending corales universitarias , including the chorus of the uninversidad carolina . 
the festa academica has as to not only so from the international day of the students and remember the anniversary of the revolution of velvet , but also present the public the coral music the more high level and promote the creation colaborativa between young . 
the inflated main is the union czech of corales in cooperation with the institute of secondary jan kepler . 
all the acts contaron with the support the mayor of prague , bohuslav svoboda , and the rector of the university carolina , hampl . 
the festival relating between the 16 and the 20 of november between prague and pardubice . 
the timetable offers , also of the concerts celebrativos , whole a series of music events , performances gymnasiums of students and concerts matinales . 
the interested will find more information in the website the festival www.festaacademica.cz 
the her to the eu , : 
the czech have a ensure of negativistas and eurosceptics . 
& quot ; the treaty of lisbon has affected significantly the balance between the individual institutions & quot ; 
& quot ; not i than that montase a war without legutiano & quot ; . 
& quot ; estimating five , six years , before of that the situation estabilice a little , calme and the new players acostumbren to their new all & quot ; , so began with conviction their conference in the faculty of right the her czech to the eu , milena . 
how not factored in seriously their motto & quot ; clear and openly on europe & quot ; , that said already in the first part of their conference , when managed under every body of the eu and their relations with as precision and clear , therefore would the envidia of many lecturers of the faculty of right of the u. carolina . 
also the work of the new president permanent the council european , herman will rompuy : 
& quot ; what first arise the criticisms , that if is insulso , a official grey , capable of taking any role , but i of say that he to all there , because moderating their gender to the mastered & quot ; . 
& quot ; is a man that know listen to the member of the bringing states , communicate with them and that has a vision of towards where must go the eu & quot ; . 
the new since of representative of the foreign policy and security it to from of the question : & quot ; who is this eu ? to what number i llamarla ? & quot ; . is therefore of a important step towards the unification and the clarification of of the union policy of face to states as china or india . 
nobody to prohibirnos the cheese of olomouc 
has he also of the agenda was , still and will the council european in the future next . 
the presidency czech of ago two years was a success . 
the czech dublin of the economic crisis shining , were the crisis the gas and organised a summit for the partnership eastern . 
the fall the government in at time lighthouse as a aspect very negative , that back seriously to liberec . 
the representation czech in the eu has the many time commitments . 
in words of the her : & quot ; a good mighty & quot ; , not only the presidency , but also the financial crisis , that is trying now . 
another on , there that approve the budget for seven years of the eu , caused the current economic situation , much more very . 
if the budget is more simple and effective , what sectors will priority , what countries will greater support and what least ? that is something that will present in the agenda of the next meeting . 
the her reminded also their main lemas , with the that came to europe : & quot ; about of europe with clear & quot ; . 
& quot ; what true is that not i them the abreviaciones feas , the extranjerismos or the jergas that the people not understand & quot ; . 
& quot ; how can a citizen understand that in brussels not invent of truth the curvature the curvature curvos or redondos , bananas of various sizes or that nobody we will to ban the cheese of olomouc ? & quot ; . 
also to from more from the environment of the eu and closer to more citizens czech to the institutions european . 
we expected the europe of the part 
according the her , the czech have reputation of eurosceptics and the people is more well the aspects negative that the positive . 
also , the low participation of the czech in the institutions european . 
the fault is of a of factors , as the modestia of our candidates , their inability for write messages of motivation , but also the little support of the czech . 
also the success of the presidency czech , it of highlighted the force and the cooperation the group of visegrad . 
& quot ; that when who to me a polish and a hungarian and i about a slovak , a french to my on i says : & quot ; what , already you been , the the group of visegrad ? & quot ; , and is that not you ago no grace & quot ; . 
in the future , to the eu , according , you aguardan new of policy budgetary for the states member . 
is as something very real the concept of the two part , if not are more , in europe , more that the new of & quot ; the federation european & quot ; . 
& quot ; we countries in the eurozona and countries outside of the eurozona & quot ; . 
& quot ; we the space schengen and we also the procedure of cooperation from & quot ; . 
& quot ; said first time that only cooperen the countries that want and the that not , that that outside & quot ; . 
& quot ; these procedures will every more time and reinforced the europe of the two part & quot ; , expected . 
in this sense , also skills the role of liberec and of herman will rompuy in the implementation the principle , according the which all the subjects that affect to the whole of the eu must discuss between the states member , not only between the member of the eurozona . 
brand story : 
the innovative ibm as their second century of existence 
if someone buscase a term that definiese with great precision the strategy of ibm , the more working would & quot ; long term & quot ; . 
for the general public , ibm is the symbol of a technological revolution , a company that is as current and , without however , already have appropriations hundred years since their foundation . 
the basis of this nature largoplacista the it the first head of the signing , the resolute he j. addressing sr . 
already he coined the motto of that many problems the world have solution if the people is ready to think . 
their motto & quot ; think ! & quot ; became in their you , in about the which fare build the life the future heralded ( was also the title of a internal magazine that ibm began to publish in 1935 ) . 
addressing was also the basis of a culture of company with levantada . 
& quot ; for us , ibm means a thinking to long term , a movement ongoing in direction the future . 
ibm has sobrevivido and been during hundred years that reason , because remained faithful to their principles foreseen , but without would to the changes around . 
that we has allowed , during our first century , into the technology , the business and the society . 
we bear still more in our second century & quot ; , said during their anniversary , the current director of the company samuel j. palmisano . 
a system sofisticado 
addressing , already in the years 30 , the care of their employees as the his of in liberec ( the employees of ibm were of the first managing americans that gozaron of holiday pagadas , sure , uniform elegant and a sofisticado system of remains that premiaba to the best inventores and sellers . 
the same to long term the in ibm in the relationship with the client . 
already since the principle the company it be talentos ( the be a of the first companies world in end with any kind of discrimination , could choose without problems ) . 
in the line of the strategy tackle is the current plan of ibm , the that to palmisano what the year that next a woman : virginia rometty . 
it already has working thirty years in ibm , where has been head of sales , and strategies . 
during the last years ibm has participated of the called events lot , rain of ideas in line , of the that arise redesign of future strategies and bringing . 
not is of stunning that sobren ideas , therefore in the signing working almost half million of people . 
a institution with good ensure 
the position set in the business provided to the company a internal image and external strong . 
& quot ; since the principle , ibm remained a concept of more institution that of technological company & quot ; , says the gari teacher of the harvard impact school and autora the book on ibm rosabeth moss kanter . 
& quot ; ibm not is a technological company , but a company that to resolve problems of business for users of the technology & quot ; , puntualiza orwell colony of the consultora forrester roslin . 
as the own company says there a difference between into in the business and create directly a business . 
ibm - or the & quot ; great green & quot ; - as the known in the ee.uu . familiarmente to cause of their logo , has become in the last hundred years in a of the over companies the world . 
is possibly the technological company more ( develops therefore equipment as programmes , infrastructure and services sanitation website within of a wider range of services , that will since humble to ) . 
holds the greater number of patent of all the companies faith and five of their employees have received the prize nobel . 
between their inventos are the cash cash , the cards of payment , the financial permutas , the codes of bars and the disquetes . 
ibm this year 220 billion million of dollars . this year has become in the second technological signing adjustable of market ( the first is apple ) , when overtook first time in 1996 to microsoft . 
eye the future 
not all the products and bringing just of satisfy the will of the customers and the time ( ibm not their own operational system , you / 2 , services in line prodigy or computers ibm pcjr ) . 
& quot ; if their business on in move , not can anclarse emotionally in the last & quot ; , extended samuel j. palmisano . 
that , ibm not has problems in build their foundations in other platforms ( and also , if not work , the or ) . 
and this the difference of the competition , microsoft , that all in and you always exclusively with windows . 
technology of future 
in question of sales , ibm he on all to services , of the that approximately a fifth part are of programmes and other fifth of equipment . 
with all , still in 1990 the equipment represented more of the half of the share of the suppliers . 
to from the year 2000 , ibm has sold active of under performance a value total of 15 billion million of dollars . during in the same period , has made 58 billion million of dollars in the buying of technology of future . 
the investment have followed since 2008 , when first time manifested the modern financial crisis world . 
ibm it according the premises of their first head , he j. addressing , who during the great economic crisis the 29 increased the investment . 
seems that to now the company ibm has known capear the crisis . 
the value of the actions of ibm since the beginning the year 2008 has grown to a 120 % , the benefit net of the company not has left of increase . 
the motto of ibm is all , unless their value . 
can , therefore , wait that when bits the next crisis , this heralded flexible . 
history of ibm : since the cortadora of meats to the flights space 
the company ibm ( international impact machines ) kemal in new york ago hundred years , being their original name computing tabulating recording corporation . 
the name ibm which already in the year 1924 - originalmente was of a mark used in the sucursales of canada and america the southern . 
the basis that was place the birth of ibm from of the merger of four companies that to the the of 1880 . 
possessed inventos as the famous & quot ; clock of fichar & quot ; , that allows control the entry and an of the employees . 
the architect of the new company was the man of business charles ranlett flint , who to 1930 also which their council he . 
flint the head of a company of the competition , he j. addressing , for that what ayudase with the management of the company . 
the new leader the founder of ibm ( the ideas of addressing are being the basis firm on the that sustentan the culture and identity corporativas ) . 
addressing alongside the company to the year 1952 . 
ibm , as as that their name , began with the production and sale of all kind of equipment for business , since cortadores of meat and cheese to boxes tills . 
during the four first years that addressing alongside the company , the turnover in 9 million of dollars and began the great expansion of the company the continents . 
addressing was so crucial for the company that , almost after forty years may the wheelchair the head , was potential their son , he addressing junior . 
under their direction , ibm began to work in the development of the intelligence artificial and developed the first language of programming . 
in the years 60 the personal and the computers of ibm ayudaron to the nasa to guiar the flights the space ( to mercury , rings and in 1969 the famous flight to the moon ) . 
while therefore , in 1964 ibm developed the first generation of computers , the series ibm system / 360 . 
the & quot ; & quot ; , that instauraron the standard of computers of at time , came the market with the name of ibm 5150 in 1981 . 
twenty years after , ibm miscalculations their production of computers to the company china lenovo , the which , their part , gained the part of consultancy of the company pricewaterhouse coopers and began to offer a completely advice and services of high value added . 
the strategy that has paid ibm these three last years is the concept smarter planet , is say , & quot ; a planet more intelligent & quot ; . 
their aim is do a use more reclaim of the technology , although still not have planned the areas not has just the circumstances , example , in what concerning the transport and the administration of cities . 
for the sector the trade , ibm presented not ago much the platform & quot ; smart commerce & quot ; that allows to the retailers manage the cycle trade completely . 
ibm has a long history in this country . 
already in 1932 was a branch in the czechoslovakia of then , the first country that the had in the central europe and eastern . 
today here , the ibm operates also the centre strategic of in brno . 
the headquarters for central europe and eastern has is in prague . also here there a team of research of reputation world that working with the recognition of voice . 
about of their husband infiel : 
iveta , calm to that burro , that already not what i ! 
darina ( 53 ) said is ! 
after of that their husband josef ( 53 ) had become in the only fretting of iveta ( 45 ) , but also their zeus , darina was taking the hope of that josef despertara of their dream reflect and would to home . 
without however already not will to wait and has established clear rules for the life in the future . 
& quot ; pepe can to to home , but already not as my couple & quot ; , he . 
when darina took during the summer to in their home , not could not imagine how which their marriage . 
to despite of the request , iveta not had shift thirty days after of and pepe not occasion to the as . 
to declared should that the loved . 
with the time , darina , apparently accepted the relationship of their husband and even of he for always . 
to not you care with who acuesta their woman . 
if a day rompiera with , their woman not what in home with the open sit . 
is the father of my children and , if to live the rest of their life in our home , nobody what & quot ; . 
& quot ; but here would not already as my wanted and old borrico that , but as a man the that i for certain links & quot ; , said and manner that already had desenganchado of their husband and stayed only in the mutual respect . 
to josef to now not you care that woman you has closed the door of back . 
& quot ; i the decision of my woman & quot ; . 
& quot ; i with iveta and not there change possible & quot ; . 
& quot ; my woman set this as a marriage on the role and i what respect & quot ; . 
& quot ; the company still in force , i the arreglos of home , cuido the garden , the home , i the purchases & quot ; . 
& quot ; darina and i we we with to , what only is that not we bed , said . 
if encontrase a new love , he not . 
& quot ; not dormimos together and it not i interested , not where will not if has some novio . 
already i that is fault my , i of iveta and advised whole the responsibility & quot ; , concluded josef . 
the worst devil of the women : also are to you ? 
if to the men that are able of quote some devil classic of the women , in general every one of them the without think . 
dear women , you in the lines following , where citan certain devil femeninos that obtaining do hervir the blood to the thousand ? 
go of purchases 
you reprocha to their average orange that has on of the purchases ? 
has that as what least a trapito in week ? 
you like buy to often in the cheap ? 
then in their case can say that go of purchases has become in a vice . 
some women are account that should appease their the purchases , what least a little . 
but to see , what woman could resistir the temptation of wander without more the shops of clothes , to prendas well ajustadas and after all in the probador ( idealmente in all different colours ) ? 
although for the majority of the women go of purchases is a deregulate , for the men can become virtually in a hell . 
only democrat how sometimes already you has said to their couple that better the espere front of the door . 
the dissatisfaction constant 
& quot ; not i too blind ? & quot ; 
& quot ; emphasized adelgazar what least five double - should start to do exercise ? & quot ; 
& quot ; of truth you will ? & quot ; 
not you hypocritical these sentences ? 
to that ? 
then is a of these women obsesionadas their aspect . 
not is that you should to of cuidarse , but many men are to listen to their couple quejarse all the time of their physical aspect . 
the strong sex also is of agreement in that as more is the often of the complaints , more molestas them the women . 
the order and the tidying in first place 
is as a tiovivo infinito . 
must the windows , to the aspiradora , fregar the soil , validity the dust , fregar the pools and all that what least two sometimes week . 
you reprocha to their couple that you has pisado the soil fair with a ordinary dirty , to their children that have littered a lavabo would rolls and a with doors of glass that therefore you cost must ? 
in case of that you sufra this & quot ; deviating & quot ; , pruebe to be aware of that nothing should exaggerating and that the order and the tidying surely not should should be primordiales in the family . 
this i inofensivo of tidying could amenazar their relations and the welfare family . 
do unpleasant comments 
& quot ; the calzoncillos category leave with the clothes laundry . & quot ; 
& quot ; your ponerte also morning these calcetines category & quot ; 
& quot ; the trapo were not is in the soil ! & quot ; 
if ago these cometarios to their more couple sometimes the day , will that so will bag of their skilled . 
course . you not to say bad nothing , only to to that all is in order . 
as time , if the men supiesen this , the women , their part , not would many comments . 
calumnias and chismes 
to some women them will also the calumnias , the chismes , but also the ofensas and the against someone . 
the women concentran in the relations , that them like about emis of things the kind who , where , with who , how and what . 
to what better to every a of source to sometimes you escapa a small and inofensivo chisme . 
with the hand in the heart , this is own of almost all the women . 
another on , there women chismosas of these that not monitored , to the that them love chismorrear and what do to often , desprecian to all and are dangerous for the that the around , on all in a team labour women . 
and ayudaron with their asistencias to through the philadelphia 
the delantero of part the monday in the i of nhl with two asistencias that trajeron the victory on the philadelphia 5 : 3 in the cancha of carolina and again to to to the players czech in the forefront of the competition . 
in both cases claude giroux availed the ground of the star of 39 years , and was a step more and was declared better player the party . 
two asistencias in the party and also the about of , jakub . 
after the i , said to the journalists of overseas that giroux had predicted a great night . 
& quot ; already before the party you had said that would triplete & quot ; . 
& quot ; what & quot ; . 
& quot ; to sometimes seem emboscadas & quot ; , he , after of that their action you diese a gol to giroux , to result the first trallazo the flyers . 
a pink after also the second intervention the team had a trace czech . 
was with the disco behind of the of the hurricanes and what between the circles to maxim talbot , that gol . 
a second before of the first pause a local player , patrick dwyer , was expulsado , but since the principle of the second part already dominaron the flyers . 
specifically giroux . 
after with with the third gol , after of that their disparo colase the fourth of the of wayne simmonds . 
& quot ; i love playing with he & quot ; . 
& quot ; not i say that be the better player of the cancha , but without doubt is between the three best & quot ; , to their central . 
& quot ; never i would happened that the end of my career was to playing with a deportista as he & quot ; . 
& quot ; i very satisfied of this & quot ; . 
& quot ; i playing for he & quot ; . 
all these years in the nhl , my colleagues jugaban for me , and that now is results & quot ; , adds . 
carolina still became the party in a drama , with the gol of tuom ruutu and then of new of dwyer , of penalti , to only to a gol of distance . 
matt read not allowed more complications , although ended overcome in number of two against one . 
& quot ; pronger had a good action in our field & quot ; . 
& quot ; the disco , i i speed and read was towards the more part alejada & quot ; . 
& quot ; of atinarle the disco and i pleased because what distracted & quot ; , the last gol the party as as what lived . 
with their victory , philadelphia has since in head of the conference this . 
the ombudsman czech the montreal , jaroslav , not playing to the end the party against buffalo , in the second third from a injury in the higher part the body . 
the canadiens not only lost a player with very experience in defence , but also a difference of two goals , 2 : 3 . 
plekanec not it take one of the shots . 
more that the points recovered the you local the great amount of lesionados in the last class , and playing the party only with five have . 
& quot ; that is bad & quot ; . 
& quot ; toy the party only with a player contractor , the rest were noveles & quot ; . 
& quot ; in end , but is that against that not can do nothing , we that lidiar with this & quot ; , said jacques martin . 
& quot ; therefore rotar to the players the against us , not what we resistir & quot ; . 
& quot ; had that more simplify still the game , from the disco of our field & quot ; . 
& quot ; and so stop bits & quot ; , he one of the have , p. k. subban . 
the portero pavelec played with thirty speeches the winnipeg in the victory of 5 : 2 on the tampa bay . 
the goals of jets were defamation five players that put so end to a series of derrotas that already duraban five parties . 
how have out the prices of the travel since 1989 
to 1989 had in the czechoslovakia of then only five agencies of travel state you : , sporturist , ckm , rekrea and autoturist . 
the agencies of travel of at in the majority of the cases travel only the bloc socialist , therefore the travel to west were very restringidos . 
the tourists czech would , therefore , of holiday to the beaches of the gdr ( republic democratic german ) , to the union soviet , ( sochi in crimea in the sea black ) to bulgaria and romania ( both in the sea black ) and to hungary ( balaton ) . 
a positive exception was the period for between 1962 and 1972 , when could travel to yugoslavia , without however , after the regime yugoslavo towards the west and the travel of the tourists czech were then quite restringidos . 
a great somewhat the socialism was the fact that to the citizens the bloc socialist ( or be , also to the checoeslovacos ) not them permitiese free travel and dreaming not even the countries socialists . 
if a citizen wanted travel dreaming , example , to poland or to the union soviet , needed a letter of invitation , if not , the individual journey not was possible . 
the agencies of in those times also travel the west , but one should to to the eu with a together of ball and to so whole the night , or have & quot ; good known & quot ; in the agency . 
still so not all was won . 
the call & quot ; promise of change & quot ; that was the condition for the travel the west , not to the & quot ; people politically little reliable & quot ; , that so not could travel in all . 
the currency checoslovaca not was a currency freely converted and , without guarantee of change , not was possible obtain the resources ( the currency western ) for travel to west . 
the great majority of the czech experience their holiday in their own country , what that had a great number of bonemeal and houses of summer , that the czech . this preparation still still . 
the way of travel of the czech has suffered since 1989 a real revolution . 
while that to 1989 for us was the not will more to the holiday in the gdr or bulgaria , the last year the czech did 4,5 million of travel of holiday to countries of all the world . 
is nna great somewhat , of the that today day already not we aware , the fact of that the destination currently bookmakers , croatia , to 1989 not could travel freely , because was part of the yugoslavia of then . 
to principles of the years 90 imposed the exemption of visa for travel to the states neighbours of europe western , what that was a huge wave of visits of short an , sobretodo to vienna or germany . 
the checoeslovacos , during much time , not pretended hartos of the excursiones the west , all the world wanted it the what least a time . 
example , in the groups of czech in the parks in shops of campaign , already that our income of then not we pay a hotel or pension . 
a typical feature of the czech of at time was the be because the food ( canned , analogues , etc. ) for save . 
another important time was the introduction of the convertibilidad of the nickel czech , so our tourists were finally , after of decades , buy freely currency western . 
our level of life aumentaba and with he also the wages media , what that around of 1997 was a increase in the demand of travel . 
with the increase of the demand of travel they the agencies , to from of 1997 with regularly , to preparation the travel using the direct of , what that was down incredibly the prices of the travel in compared with the last , thank to the possibility of obtain discounting the volume of passengers . 
to end of the 90 the last century , already the czech found without visa to almost all the countries developed , thing ee.uu . , what which still more our travel . 
another time interesting in the history the tourism pos-revolucionario happened already in the 2000 , when was organised , thank to a huge demand , the first flight direct since liberec to a country , and was to thailand . 
since at year , proceed all the years direct with tourists czech was distant countries and calurosos . this winter already directly since liberec to 12 destinations . 
the countries the their currently close of 100 billion czech the year . 
another time interesting of this time , that symbolises our development pos-revolucionario , came in the year 2008 . 
the 17 of november of 2008 , ee.uu . squeezed the visa for the tourists czech , with what that our country happened to be between the more countries developed the world . 
in 2008 the czech , first time in their history , have last more of the half of their holiday in the abroad ( 50,3 % ) and first time in their history , have spent in travel the more abroad of 15 billion billion czech head , including the expenditure in the website of stay . 
tandare house general ordinary for choose the president , that could end of new in point died . 
since ago almost five months the football czech is without president and is likely that the successor of ivan as president of the federation czech of futbol ( ) , not not after the call of the next house general extraordinary that will place this thursday in nymburk . 
of fact , still not has come to a agreement on the rules of vote to to . 
without the same , not will vote even for choose between the three candidates . 
the interested to presidir the football czech are rajchl , miroslav pelta and . 
to their office in june not without before rectify to their colleagues with the purpose of find a strong person that supiese deals the football in the future . 
without however , after of conclude the was , used a controversy between the two federaciones of the unable partnership of to to a agreement for decisions a common candidate . 
this became in obvious the 16 of september when had that be elected the new president . 
the delegates of the house general met in vain in the national home ( ) , on in the area praguense of , because the discussions had blocked and not only in as the method of election . 
not came to no consensus not in as to who in the house general had right to vote - only the legal representatives or also the delegates with scrum powers . 
to from of that time and because to this only point , in a agreement this , supported also the recommendation the institute of state and right , according the which the representation scrum powers not is possible . 
without however , the disputes on the electoral code are open . 
more light on the situation already not could should not the committee executive that , in their meetings , ordinarias or extraordinary , all not vihear nothing . 
the opinion on the possibility of vote has changed a couple of sometimes already , but the point capitol still being the same . 
the question is the next : of what way to in the third round for avoid the point died ? 
& quot ; the dispute this in about to if must to of agreement with the estatutos or find another model & quot ; , says svoboda , one of the three vicepresidentes of the , that , since the direction of the partnership , represents the professional futbol . 
according the model proposed in the estatutos , in the third round going at candidate that have greater percentage of support in the federation to the which will their candidacy . 
the region of moravia is ready to to to a compromise for that can earn at candidate with a greater percentage total of votes in both federaciones . 
the part bohemia , without however , which the condition of that the winner , according these are porcentuales , should have the majority of the least two thirds . 
& quot ; this you , without however , the sense to the two previous rounds and completely the concept of bicameral system & quot ; , so is as svoboda understand the concerns of the part morava , according what which what better would not play the order and vote according the estatutos files . 
with what said , surprisingly , is of agreement also , although is that the electoral regulation established the estatutos of all the candidates be more to pelta . 
& quot ; i like that votara the maximum of agreement with the estatutos & quot ; . 
& quot ; for that not inventen no about of the representatives as in the last general house & quot ; , says the you of victory plzen , that postula first time as candidate and that at their comments mainly in against of pelta . 
pelta still being positive . 
according he , in nymburk decide on the new president and he believe that the candidates in the future cooperaran of constructive way . 
& quot ; all the with the party of today of our national team in the championship european . 
& quot ; the football will to be leading , and so cooperara more to will & quot ; says the representative the jablonice , that of the three candidates has more experience in management the football , therefore to level professional as regional . 
rajchl is the more reluctant . 
& quot ; hope that when to a agreement , but , unfortunately , the situation is much more very . & quot ; 
& quot ; not is the conflict between bohemios and moravos , but there attempts of ajustar the rules to their own convenience . & quot ; 
& quot ; this can have as result a new deadlock of the house general . & quot ; 
& quot ; of all case , hope that band the common sense & quot ; , said rajchl . 
already not is much time for that all the parties come to a agreement . 
some negotiations had that take in montenegro , but who can know to that start the party if the team of football will completely ? 
the special air , in the that had that travel to podgorica , between other the vicepresidentes dalibor kucera and rajchl , not has the this morning technical problems in prague , taking that other a alternative for carry to part the committee executive the place where will place the party of classification . 
quizas the decisive meeting , end , could be the that will place to level ministerial , that , according have , will this wednesday . 
to josef , minister of education , youth and sports , you like much integrate to the parties divided to the organisation integrating more powerful the country for that when to a agreement . 
there much in game : the benefits state , the credibility the football and also the next house general the central committee of the federation checoslovaca the sport ( ) that awareness made of a new direction the sport czech after the financial problems of the home of sazka . 
achieve the presidency , because not is a candidate more appropriate . 
if the head of the futbolistas of pilsen , paclik , before of the house general extraordinary conociera the name of a candidate appropriate that satisficiese all their ideas on the new president of the federation czech of football ( ) , not would as candidate to a since so relevant . 
& quot ; if would a person appropriate , would fighting it and not i would as candidate to the elections . & quot ; 
& quot ; but to the day of today not has been find a person so & quot ; , said for the agency of news czech ( ) 
what that justifies to to into in the challenge with miroslav pelta and henry rajchl is exactly the possibility of block to pelta , the course winner of the elections , that opens the way to the presidency of the federation czech of futbol ( ) . 
also puntualiza that , in case through , in the office of president only to 2013 , when ground the time of the house general ordinary . 
in that office you like see to a expert and good managing that not is too related with the events fans . 
& quot ; already i about with some people to the that could have in account & quot ; . 
& quot ; for me was a madness hear to some say that in this time not even want identify with the football czech . & quot ; 
& quot ; i like change that vision & quot ; , adds . 
what that supposed more bother to in this time is the relationship of pelta with the president of the partnership of regional football of pilsen pianist berbr , a man with a last controversial , known outside the mundillo as a poderoso lobista with capacity of influence in the vote of the delegates in the house general . 
for is so unacceptable see to pelta at in the presidential . 
& quot ; in case of that gane , nazarbayev the status existing and nothing in the football will & quot ; . 
& quot ; with the support of berbra , a man of ambitious business , the football sorry still least from & quot ; , said . 
mentions also the fact of that ago a years the name of pelta was related with a usual telephone during the research of a case of corruption , of the which pelta went impune . 
& quot ; not i what prestige the football could bring the victory of pelta . & quot ; 
& quot ; and with what eyes we peasant the uefa and the fifa & quot ; , said , that also the with certain caution their previous declaration that & quot ; the club pilsen if pelta become in president & quot ; . 
in the case of earn the elections the thursday , could be the cooperation with pelta in the future . 
of same opinion is the another candidate , rajchl , that has been supported before of the house general of september that end in a fiasco . 
& quot ; he ( pelta ) would the first the that solitary & quot ; . 
& quot ; is very capable . & quot ; 
& quot ; i what could imagine , example , as head of the representation & quot ; . 
& quot ; but not as managing of a partnership & quot ; . 
& quot ; i not meto the narices there where not i i capable & quot ; , added , that in september very attention support the from of the commission of referees presidida ludek macel , potential after dagmar damkova . 
accepts that to manage the partnership . 
particularly to their capacities of management of the private companies , therefore since the last summer is also the director the pilsen , that with their support took in may the triunfo in first division . 
& quot ; i force for change some things in the area of football and make to their practice safe . & quot ; 
& quot ; for reduce the influence of some groups of pressure , that probably tend to influence in the decisions the committee disciplined and of appeal , have unpleasant situations , said without so their towards the president the sparta daniel . 
a of the priorities also would the of consolidate the relationship between the and the committee czech , with the aid the which pressure on the political leaders for that socrates more money the sport of the tax of the i . 
& quot ; is one of the problems key the that should conducting the new president . & quot ; 
& quot ; if aumentaran the tax on the games of gambling , as what anuncian the political parties , support their arguments , but , frankly , have that tell where will to stop all this money & quot ; , out . 
ademas , now not has in account even their partnership with the club pilsner , although he same says that the president of the must be & quot ; not an & quot ; . 
pelta is to their time related with jablonec and rajchl with dukla of prague . 
& quot ; not is ideal . & quot ; 
& quot ; but not i sense the fact of yield preach my actions the club of pilsen to other person for then to there after a year and half & quot ; , said . 
pelta promised to the new estatutos that with the point died of the elections . 
two days before of the house general of the partnership of football one of the candidates to the presidency , miroslav pelt , promised that , in case of be elected , coordinating that the had a new estatutos that sirvieran definitely for right , in the future , the controversy in as the electoral regulation . 
the representative the jablonec is positive in as to the meeting of this thursday in nymburk , and believe that the preelectoral conflict could move towards a solution today with the possible victory the team of football . 
already before of the elections not made in september , pelta promised firstly , in case of be elected , precisely in the representation and in custom funds . 
decided participate in the last minute in the last general house , what that this be of two months you could go well for defend and present , in a context more broader , their ideas on the management the football . 
& quot ; the people of all the levels taken the football already ago much time and expected know this thursday the new president . & quot ; 
& quot ; feel that has come the time of that someone gestione the partnership & quot ; , think the man that couples mainly with the club of jablonice , but that worked in the sparta and in the committee executive of the partnership . 
this reason , believe have enough experience for manage the football czech . 
is convinced that behind of the current problems with the elections is the euphoria that hung in the time of ivan . 
& quot ; unfortunately , in the house general of june were adopted the estatutos that not were so lifts as all thought . & quot ; 
& quot ; if certain excluimos interpretations , we a president already since september & quot ; , warned pelta . 
exactly the the more document important of the partnership aids as for who to the delegates . 
& quot ; if i eligen president , i what counts as a personal challenge and i now to to in case of that this falle . & quot ; 
& quot ; is a question of principles , without the which not we there & quot ; , says pelta . 
also , in theory , to not over with their opponents . 
already in the last had your that was mercy with henry rajchl , the that respects their training in right , being aware of that their oponente would also their first of . 
already was much time without attack to he who , the contrary of pelta , not he pawn with head . 
& quot ; has more of a year in the world of football , and already has achieved some successes . & quot ; 
& quot ; their attacks but were vergonzosos and very people became amazed the electoral campaign . & quot ; 
& quot ; that many of them dudan on their real nature & quot ; , said to their maracaibo pelta , that still being faithful to the statements announced already in september . 
their more weapon powerful is , according he , their knowledge the football , since the widest more in to the with . 
this last should be escaparate of promotion the football . 
& quot ; also , right all the that ems to cause of the bohemians as result the scandal of corruption the last year . & quot ; 
& quot ; immediately after i in the negotiations with the sector public and the private , for ensure that has enough money for all the football & quot ; , said ago two months to the the candidate of 46 years . 
to continuation also promised that their appointment as president the football not no personal change of the plantilla . 
& quot ; would that know first the tasks of every he & quot ; , said she to strahov where , after a long period of , has a comprehensible nerviosismo . 
to despite of the scenarios current doomsday that vaticinan to the next house general , he believe that the delegates not travel in vain this thursday to nymburk . 
& quot ; if the only point of disagreement will how vote in the third round , without doubt what we overcome . 
& quot ; the football needs credibility , the which will only if end has a leader & quot ; , still two days before of the working more decisive in their career of representative , pelta still being positive . 
rajchl equally , that under their leadership , the to work with wish . 
if in the quarter house general its elected the current of jindrich rajchl as new president of the partnership of football czech , very people will surely resentida . 
rajchl equally that , in case of be elected , hard . 
to implement a systematic change and do that the member the committee executive are responsible of every area the football dreaming . 
also compromises to resolve the case of the bohemians , improve the relations with the uefa and the fifa , to more money for the football and continue with the work on the previous president ivan . 
& quot ; as president , i like commit completely the football & quot ; . 
& quot ; since the international contacts with the uefa and the fifa to the selection , happening the professional football or the invariably of young futbolistas of high performance . & quot ; 
& quot ; with this not i say that what would all only & quot ; , said rajchl in a interview for the . 
& quot ; i a player of team and i gentleman the powers the committee executive of as way that every member can their to a area consolidated . & quot ; 
& quot ; and tasks difficult for that the football can , in every one of these segmentos , to forward with much momentum & quot ; . 
& quot ; to very people this probably not you , because busies start to work very hard and not only criticise the work of the others & quot ; , added . 
because to the atmosphere of criticism in the movement , says that has have the possibility of not stand of new as candidate . 
& quot ; all know , that work 20 hours joys . & quot ; 
& quot ; but need know that this will sense and that not will people behind of my that i would and to every step & quot ; , he so the for of their . 
& quot ; very people i has said that not i asked folk , because then fico vencidos also the others & quot ; . 
& quot ; is of have faith for not leave so , without more & quot ; , said . 
according say , you justifies also continue the work that already began with . 
& quot ; during these two years , end a great part the work that not i that now vanish & quot ; . 
& quot ; there processes that had started and that will their effect within of a couple of years and not i like that someone the pare & quot ; , announced concerned the fact of that , if eligieran the another candidate , miroslav pelta , the situation in the partnership could to to be as as was before of the time of . 
& quot ; i i in the order , and is something that , in my opinion , mirek pelta not is capable of keep . 
& quot ; behind of he is on all whole that people that the football for that outside only a privileged for a few elected . & quot ; 
& quot ; i can reprochar a lot of things , but not the fact of that i to favour of someone . & quot ; 
& quot ; attempt be aim . & quot ; 
& quot ; i do a football for all , because only so well all and not only the elected & quot ; , said rajchl . 
this also the idea that only serious karlsbad the president . 
& quot ; although some people trying that what contrary , i in mind do what maximum moravia . & quot ; 
& quot ; example , is time of think in the fact of gentleman the second division in a part czech and in other morava , whose to the first division & quot ; . 
& quot ; not would the current situation in the that we only three equipment of moravia , what that represents a problem for the players moravos young & quot ; , said rajchl . 
although to the pugna of the presidential elections , president the club pilsner , rajchl not is of believe in their possibilities of be elected . 
& quot ; still i have a strong support of the federation czech , the which i was as their of and that know that behind of me there successes clear & quot ; , said rajchl , whose successes understand the savings of tens of million of billion of contracts desventajosos , the negotiations of contracts televisivos and the negotiations on the law of the i . 
another on , recognised their part of fault in that the federation not is united . 
and while civilized that pelta is & quot ; descalificado for to the confidence in the football czech & quot ; , as the another contravention , , as a strong candidate that has something that offer the football . 
& quot ; nobody can for that was a great work the pilsen at year & quot ; . 
& quot ; in the case of that be elected , probably will what that already began ivan and not cambiaria of way significantly the plantilla the personal in the committees . & quot ; 
& quot ; not i use that to my favour & quot ; , so to their rival rajchl . 
the more pools fine of europe 
jump the blue 
of stanek 
pools since a too incredible , temples bathing in budapest : who visit europe can live their maravilla blue , and , after a visit to the city or a caminata , rest their piernas cansadas in bathing burbujeantes . 
a book shows where is the better welfare in the water . 
when issue meder was a journey of research during the year and last half , had something that not could faltar in their luggage , a . 
tumbada of back on the water , looked the pablo in what high , nadaba towards the angelotes of , that the were in the on of the come and asombraba to the come poured modernista rebuilt meticulosamente . 
you he the one , whatever note in their libreta the time of all the details interesting on the lifestyle and the history the building . 
the historiadora meder more of 200 pools of this way and the is in their recent book & quot ; badefreuden & quot ; : the pools covered in munich , the historical palaces the one in the jungle black , the & quot ; decorating of concrete & quot ; in taunus . 
was their & quot ; journey the more bathing heading of centroeuropa & quot ; 13 countries : also of germany , austria and switzerland , visited places of italy , france , the republic czech , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania , poland , and a city respectively in luxembourg , serbia and croatia . 
this german of 46 years is a real supporter of the culture the one . 
not to have nothing that see with the sport , says meder , only the water is different . 
only you bother that the sports the one have that conformarse with blue azulejos and nostrils to chlorine , while that the sports to to can breathe the fascinating smell of the forests of abetos or listen the much trinos of the birds in the park . 
& quot ; a day i asked what the pools have that be always so feas & quot ; , says this head of vienna . 
& quot ; i to coleccionar pools fine . & quot ; 
the surface the water greater the architecture . 
the chapoteo in the come and the meats of the sauna . the factor of welfare in the pools is so large because atienden all the ways , according meder . 
and if the from striving , the pools covered can be a real gift for the view : & quot ; in place of soil , in the bathing has a surface of water . & quot ; 
& quot ; a part is transparent , other part however the beauty of all the building . & quot ; 
all : the high , the azulejos of colours , the trampolines . 
the book with photographs in small format & quot ; badefreuden & quot ; provided in 190 pages data very interesting on the architecture and the history the art in the historical oasis the welfare , but , mainly , wish of mri the blue . 
meder , the coleccionista of pools which the copies leading in their research in hungary . 
with to the bathing medicinales as the one of of budapest , of 100 years , are the waters with oesophagus in a odd cavidad ( bathing in cavidades in miskolc-tapolca ) , so as termas , whose pools are of waters alcalinas and are in a building with way of bottleneck ( in ) . 
many pools descubiertas in switzerland and austria offered these such : while whole the city being the eyes in the come techada of zurich , can look to arlberb , poured of snow , since the foreign come of a one in st . , and : in the one turkish there a window since the that can observed the practice in the ski of ski . 
the design , as time , more so expected to the customers in : the cathedral the water of seems a ovni that has of have in the alps . 
of three open sources they vapor in winter , while that of fund the mountains of quoting in the sky . 
alhambra in the jungle black 
to meder , the coleccionista of pools , not you the smell to chlorine in all the pools . 
many bathing termales huelen to sulphur , in the bathing of in , hungary , the fever to is so strong that the people believe have come to a one health . 
the smell next of the waters medicinales that contain bicarbonato and and whose pega to the fur the into in the come , a that the welfare of a special way . 
issue meder also in a place in their search of places bonitos for the one , when wanted visiting pools descubiertas and bathing of sun in the one czech of luhatschowitz , found with a ground blocked . 
the one of 1902 the architect duan jurkovic was closed . 
when meder to through of the desmoronadas windows the building modernista red , white and sikh , was the bath grow between the azulejos . 
the quickly contrarrestaba in a come encantadora in the jungle black : the palacio spa in bad wildbald . 
these bathing have three phases of construction after of ; not only can be elements of times of their construction in 1844 , if not also a hall arab of lifestyle alhambra , added in 1900 . 
since their esmerada modernisation in 1995 , the palacio spa is the one bookmakers of the coleccionista of pools , issue meder , and not only because be natural of the jungle black . 
& quot ; has much merit fusionar different lifestyles in a unit so fantastic & quot ; , says meder . 
in a palacio so the in the come spa apparently not has very importance . 
agricultural speculation 
the deutsche bank analysing the business of the areas premiums 
christian teevs 
steps the deutsche bank to their business with areas agricultural premiums ? 
according information of spiegel-online , josef ackermann has responsible a group of work for check the consequences of the speculation for the poor the world . 
in january , the head the consortium to show the consequences . 
hamburg , 
for the citizens , the issue is clear , according a study , the 84 cent of the germans not them seems acceptable that the banks especulen with the areas agricultural premiums as the durum or the maize . 
two thirds of the encuestados reivindican that the deutsche bank and other institutions crediticias from of this business because pressures the problems of the more poor the world . 
this is the result of a survey charge of the organisation of consumers foodwatch . 
the study on in a report tabled to foodwatch to middle of october . 
the author harald schumann shows that the betting on the regulator of areas global premiums do higher the prices , and the banks unpaid with the responsibility the problem world the hunger . 
the campaign the ombudsman the consumer at in particular to josef ackermann , director the deutsche bank , although the large banks as goldman sachs or unhesitatingly stanley act of analogous way . 
originariamente , the betting on areas schiedermeier premiums for protect to the their of the oscilaciones of the prices . 
the main experts are of agreement in that the players have desacoplado of the takeover and demands , and sacan earnings of the costs of the more poor . 
ackermann to the criticisms of different way that the competitors americans : promised review the demands and said that no business & quot ; deserves engage the good reputation the deutsche bank & quot ; . 
according information of de online , a group of international work is revisando the demands the report of foodwatch . 
the analysis must be complete to end of year , then presented the results to the directive the deutsche bank , with with the recommendation of how manejar the issue . 
to end of january , the direction the bank of the consequences . 
the end could be a reduction the business of the areas premiums , or even their total abandoning . 
ackermann to blinkers their image . 
thilo bode , founder of foodwatch , took the news , but his their criticisms the financial sector : & quot ; the betting to prices growing of food show of way especially drastic how the despiadados banks perjudican currently the welfare public . & quot ; 
ackermann is as the greater cabildero banking , especially in the obligations . 
& quot ; the deutsche bank must withdrawn all the investment of their portfolio in the that with in game the money for betting of prices food & quot ; , said bode . 
& quot ; as if ackermann is the issue of the people that is hunger or the reputation the deutsche bank . & quot ; 
the inspection of ackermann is surprising to first view , but is clear that the head the consortium to offer a image few perfect months before of to their since . 
the monday , the deutsche bank published that the president of the junta directive will something different to what not planeado in the council of administration . 
with the abandoning of the controversial agricultural speculation can perfeccionar their image . 
and needs that hardly you importen possible losses , of that their successor . 
two the investment in areas premiums 
foodwatch striving in high keep the pressure on the managing . 
to the time , more of 30.000 internautas have participated in the campaign of the organisation . 
the tuesday , bode published the survey for the that the institute forsa had was to 1.001 people the 7 and 8 of november . 
hardly the 10 cent was legitimate that the deutsche bank ofreciera investment in the that apostaran the prices of the food . 
many customers the bank were personal consequences the be that their bank participaba in such business : according the survey , two all the investment of the that its money of the agricultural speculation . 
the 43 cent a bank so to their known , the 49 cent , after of think , withdrawn their account and replaced to another institute . 
the home 21 in vienna 
the an made 
ingeborg wiensowski 
a history of architecture with ups and a end happy , the an of the statement universal austrian of brussels of 1958 successful prizes , was in vienna for a museum , became gap and . 
now reabre as home of exhibitions . 
the architecture of modern postgerra apasiona , the forms clear , the halls of glass , the curvas valientes and the new materials of construction , classic the thinking on the technical progress , for what that , the an austriaco the architect karl schwanzer for the statement universal of brussels of 1958 is a example appropriate and known . 
the an of successful schwanzer then the cardiff prix of architecture their this and floating construction of steel and glass . 
the construction as to the today a milestone contemporary of the architecture . 
was the architect so known that also was the an of austria in the next statement universal . 
with their tower legendaria of four cilindros for more mbw the building adyacente aplanado in munich , happened to be comparability known . 
their an , designed as a construction temporary for exhibitions after of the statement universal in the schweizer garten with to the station the southern of vienna , in 1962 and within kind a museum the century 20 , phoned the & quot ; home 20 & quot ; . 
the building was appropriate but of the areas and suitable technology for a museum ; without no wall for colgar art , not a good environment . 
to despite of this used to that the art contemporary in vienna had a new home . 
the building is gap since 2001 and decae every more time . 
currently , the architect adolf krischanitz the an , now what is & quot ; home 21 & quot ; and in the future as museum of contemporary art . 
the tuesday the later kind the museum belvedere , the that belongs the home , with the first statement , a coup of fortunately in true way . 
agnes husslein-arco , the new director of the gallery belvedere austrian since 2007 , in a new start . 
husslein-arco , doctora in history the art with a considerable career , between other things , patinadora pablo on ice in their youth , more later in sotheby , the museum guggenheim and director fundadora the museum of art modern of salzburgo , was the reforms with the insistence of political and protectors of the monuments , public funds and private patrocinadores and set their use . 
to exception the art contemporary , deviant the works the escultor fritz wotruba of the foundation , should have a cafeteria and a and also built a building of offices . 
control narrower , budget under 
krischanitz was the better election for do . 
not only because of sensitive way the secession of joseph olbrichs in vienna , what and you the contest , if not because with schwanzwer in the technical university of vienna and the an was for he a & quot ; important place and in & quot ; , in the that contemplaba & quot ; almost all the for of week & quot ; the exhibitions . 
was the project and the problem the building , that with with their producers to vienna in their change of use with generosity and easily . 
in the current reforms there large problems , the building was & quot ; a devorador of energy & quot ; , said krischanitz . 
changed the profile of the windows of the lofty of glass , a glass aislante reinforced with very of glass and the homeless of glass a glass of special security . 
the bridges and the vigas of steel reforzaron or remplazaron and the ceilings of amianto rehabilitaron . 
two vaults emplearon for the new use , a panel of light fallen between the home and the street provided the , a bridge it for into the building almost new , but still the an of schwanzer . 
a the foreign doors original , the home is pintada in old subscribe caoba and protegida against the . 
and the room of cinema is exactly as was before . 
and all this with a control narrower part of the office of monuments and a under budget . 
& quot ; to often had that find material that outside good , cheap and also did to the office of protection of monuments & quot ; , says krischanitz and means of a soil in the . 
to despite of all the pressure , problems and reforms , the building in flexible and plain . 
what the an & quot ; that wine of brussels & quot ; has been difficult , said ago little krischanitz , a typical & quot ; emergence accidental in the history of the city & quot ; . 
a architecture so is & quot ; always in the wrong place & quot ; and that wanted & quot ; certainly the awareness appropriate & quot ; . 
in this case the home 21 not is in the wrong place , has happened a coup of fortunately . the completely new and planeado & quot ; area of the central station & quot ; , with housing and offices , is with the schweizer garten . 
and as time take another coup of fortunately : the home 21 could receive a forward of other construction of krischanitz , therefore the coleccionista francesca von habsburg has purchased the room of temporary art berlinesa and , as as , negotiate with the city on a place neighbour in the schweizer garten . 
deutsche bahn planning a package of crisis of winter that out to million 
the company has ideado a plan of crisis , that the of the trains in winter . 
must doblarse the number of personal . 
what that costs million . 
in the fight against the and delays of the trains caused the winter , deutsche bahn has spent in this more year of 70 million of eur , according a exploit . 
the newspaper & quot ; am & quot ; informed , adduced a plan of internal crisis the group , of the investment will to 2005 of a total of around of 300 million of eur . 
for what that must to a better availability of the vehicles and of the network railway still with a time extreme . 
between other things , planifica doblar the internal employees and integrated to 16.000 jobs for with the snow of the ways and of the andenes . 
the aim is must the andenes of snow and ice for the functioning and the 90 cent of the necessary needlestick for the functioning in the term of four to five hours . 
ago two months , grube , president of deutsche bahn , of and delays in the trains also during this winter after a summit with the government and the industry . 
the last winter deutsche bahn was considerable problems in the transport of passenger , already that , between other things , you faltaron reserves to inauspicious . 
many regional trains new have years waiting a authorisation of the federal office railway . 
also there a delay in the over of the trains of high speed . 
deutsche bahn working since years in check the central of the trains of high speed with often in the workshop , after of that a train of high speed sufriera the rotura of a which in the central station of cologne . 
the deutsche bank paid fines millonarias in the ee.uu . 
after the tumulto on the president josef ackerman , is a new problem of the ee.uu . , the deutsche bank must pay there a fined millonaria . 
as if the problems not like enough for the deutche bank , their last in the ee.uu . church the heralded the sector , the institute of frankfurt paid 145 million of dollars ( 106 million of eur ) in a agreement , for to end to the bloodiest debidas to the collapse of five large cooperative of credit during the financial crisis . 
is of the sale of titles hipotecarios . 
the regulatory of financial markets ncua recrimina to many large banks inducir to the cooperative of credit with wishful promises to buy financial products ; have minimizado the risks . 
such titles lost their value during the financial crisis and prevails to the banks to the unidentified . 
& quot ; we satisfied of power clearly the issue without that the parties have that come to the courts & quot ; , said a spokesman the deutsche bank in new york . 
the bank not accepts no fault with the agreement . 
this also applies to citigroup , that forced a payment of 20,5 million of dollars . 
debbie matz , president of the ncua , took the deferencia of both financial institutions . 
the national credit dimension activity ( ncua ) is responsible of the cooperative of credit of the ee.uu . and happening support in case of collapse for protect the investment of customers . 
the ncua to reintegrar the losses of million originadas . 
the agreements currently closed are their first kind . 
the regulator also had asked accounts to other large banks and in summer entablado pleitos against jpmorgan chase , the blundell bank of scotland and goldman sachs . 
in the issue of the advertisements titles hipotecarios , are of the called values respaldados mortgages . 
these based in appropriations housing . 
when the booms buildings of the ee.uu . in 2007 , was to the to many financial institutions . 
in september of 2008 , in the point of the financial crisis , the bank of investment us lehman brothers crumbled . 
although the results sucedieron ago some years , currently sopla a wind complicated for the banks americans . 
the investors and the inspection have entablado incontables processes for receive compensation or sancionar one . 
the federal agency of financiamiento of housing ( fhfa in their ets in english ) has been the greater amount of demands . 
reprocha to the 18 large international banks that the two agencies hipotecarias state americans fannie mae and freddie mac have tapped the business of the mortgages in a volume of approximately 200 billion million of dollars . 
also the deutsche bank has a demand of the fhfa , is of business value of 14,2 billion million of dollars the year 2005 the 2007 . 
the inspection requires that the institute of receive frankfurt of & quot ; the substantial losses & quot ; , without submitted a figure accurate . 
the deutsche bank rejected the debts as unfounded and he that to you . 
warren buffett contributes with 10 billion million to ibm 
the of the finance , buffett , invested with force in the company of technologies of the information ibm . 
since march has distinct actions a value of more of ten billion million of dollars . 
to now the great investor american warren buffett always has declared not invest in companies of computers not technologies of the information already that the prospects the development to long term of the companies are negative . 
but has read the report trade of ibm and changed their opinion on invest in the sector . 
due understand much before that ibm offers on all services and procura systems of computers for the departments of technologies of the information of other companies . 
in the financial world , a investment of warren buffett as as a honour . 
what therefore , the primitiva of technologies of the information must unfair & quot ; sir ibm & quot ; . 
buffett currently in the outlet of economy cnbc that has distinct actions of ibm a value of 10,7 thousands of million of dollars since march . 
their berkshire hathaway of investment has ascendido with this to a of the over accionistas of ibm with a participation the 5,5 cent . 
buffett said that ibm not it to now nothing the compromise . 
to the direction that occupied of the ordinary profits in the economic crisis . 
& quot ; have fact a work genial & quot ; , said buffett on the strategy . 
ibm set since ago some time the services of technologies of the information lucrativos as the functioning of centres of calculation . 
the old pioneering computer of more of 100 years also offers software and advice so as advent equipment for companies . 
buffett blackout the companies of technology to the date . 
said that only in companies whose business entendiera . 
the contrary , buffett availed the occasion in a train of goods , in a manufacturer of lubricantes or a draughtsman electronics . 
their berkshire hathaway has close of approximately 80 will own , so as part of whole a series of large maximize as coca-cola or munich re , found . 
buffett , of 81 years , was office of the small company textile berkshire hathaway in the 60 and , with do investment , the to suppression in a of the more companies predicting the world . 
not however , their lifestyle of life is humble . 
that is a for countless investors of all the world . 
their quickly and infalible sense for earn money you has provided the inquisitor of & quot ; of omaha & quot ; . 
after of be the investment of buffett , the actions of ibm in exchange subieron a one cent . 
& quot ; the heralded blue & quot ; , as known to ibm , has a value in exchange of more of 220 billion million of dollars and on , with with apple and microsoft , between the companies of more technology predicting the world . 
with microsoft , said buffett , not to with . 
garage garage , their founder , is a friend intimate . 
the concrete threat 
after the discovery of & quot ; the cell of zwickau & quot ; , the media of communication turks dudan the state of right german . 
a newspaper about of a & quot ; ideology bloody & quot ; that again to reavivarse . 
the for of eight small employers noticed and greeks between the years 2001 and 2006 have a background of the extreme right . 
in turkey and in the population german of origin turkish has reacted with fear and concern to this news . 
for many germans of origin turkish which a fantasma that i died ago time , since the attacks with way of fires in in november of 1992 and in solingen in may of 1993 , not had happened more episodes of violence with background of extreme right against turks . 
not however , never has questioned that in germany there xenophobia . 
the network ultraderechista armagh reveals a scale whose dimensions not were , not much least , previsibles . 
& quot ; again to reavivarse the ideology bloody ? & quot ; , titula the edition internet the newspaper turkish & quot ; haberturk & quot ; . 
the newspaper & quot ; sabah & quot ; resalta the contrary that one of the authors the crime was a informer of the federal office of defence of the constitution and shows concerned that the authorities german can be involved in the pantanal ultraderechista . 
the community turkish in germany with sensatez , the end of week reminded to the victims of the violence racist with a vigilia to the door of brandenburgo . 
two weeks before , the community turkish in berlin with with the political germans and turks reflexionaron in a formal act the fifty anniversary the agreement . 
the them it in scene with much colours , as a history with end happy . 
the information came to some media turks as a bofetada : & quot ; the gift german the fifty anniversary & quot ; , says the title of a article in the platform turkish of internet & quot ; have x & quot ; , she the background of the chain of for . 
the emission german & quot ; & quot ; not should in out this connection mental . 
& quot ; beginning to nostrils & quot ; , says the title of the spine of ahmet . 
resalta that the killed were people that pagaban their tax and did a important contribution with their work to the reconstruction of germany . 
in the body of internet of germans of procedencia turkish , the behaviour of the police and their of success in the discussing very accept . 
the authors asombran of that the authorities german not have buscado much before suspected in the circle of the ultraderecha . 
one shows as least rhetorical in as to the media : & quot ; to from of now here lose , to the immigrants not them is more that the is and the arms & quot ; . 
& quot ; this will the better & quot ; . 
& quot ; the internal peace of germany on are of the quality of the perverse and of the adequacy of the penalty to whole the network & quot ; . , says & quot ; selen & quot ; . 
what that means that , if the internal peace of germany is in danger , the attacks of and solingen in nineties years . 
the image of the ruins the fire of solingen has filmed in the flash german and turkish . 
no another skeletons was more clearly to the turks that live here that there a concrete threat and , to the germans , that the mistrust and the distance can desembocar in the violence . 
the attacks agudizan the sense of group of the part turkish . 
not repeat the errors the last 
in the press turkish reputed then mainly the swathes of the policy german after the attacks , helmut kohl denies to visiting to the survivors of . 
after the attack with way of fire of solingen sent a telegrama of condolences the president turkish and klaus kinkel , their minister of foreign affairs , what in the funeral of cologne . kinkel in their speech what that contribute with the tax the turks of germany . 
is clear how estimated the value of a person according the amount of their tax . 
the current information of the media turks again to show what thorough that is , since then , the mistrust of many germans of origin turkish in the legality of this country . 
also the effort of a explanation wider and of a the terrorism of extreme right in germany , this time do lack words francas . 
the bank the scandal the lake of zurich 
the more bank arriesgado of europe not is in italy not france , if not in switzerland . 
the ubs almost she in bancarrota in the financial crisis and since then of a crisis to the next . 
now the at a german . 
sure that axel weber not what had considered . 
after of their witnessed starting of the summit the federal bank , in july through that in 2013 in a new and almost also of witnessed work : president the administrative council the great bank blessing ubs , a inesperado and state step in their career . 
axel weber am should , commends switzerland their beauty and to the ubs their would acquired strength and is fall comments amables on their future colleagues . 
& quot ; the flash has achieved a revival & quot ; . 
& quot ; i am with with kaspar villiger and oswald & quot ; . 
in september became clear that all would completely different . 
a financial operators of the flash in london blackout all the systems of security the bank and 1,7 billion million of eur . 
oswald , general director of the flash , a banker not only known in switzerland , had that come . 
the president the administrative council of the flash was since then also tocado , and all asked : when a axel weber ? 
through that weber must advise the bank since february of 2012 . 
and will office of the presidency the administrative council in may , not to principles of 2013 , as the bank the tuesday . 
this is hard for axel weber . 
not is banker , more well , professor of economy and consejero and has had a period of adjustment surely necessary . 
of coup ago responsible of the strategy of a bank , that has of to to prove that deserves the title & quot ; the greater bank the scandal of europe & quot ; since ago time . 
a part , the flash is huge , to ago little was the greater administrator of goods world , and other part , since ago years , desliza of a scandal the next . 
nothing , so what seems , you ahorra the changed so proud bank blessing . 
started the financial crisis . 
the flash had a reputation excellent to 2007 . 
the image the administrator of goods blessing discreto and hardest , but also , with ambitious objectives , also wanted be a great number in the banks of investment . 
a part , with 1,6 billion of dollars , the flash variety more money of customers wealthiest that any another bank the world . 
and other part , as bank of investment in the league of the large banks the world . 
this impresiona . 
hans geiger , the former banker and of professor of banca in zurich during many years it : & quot ; to my students , always i described to the flash as model of a good bank . & quot ; 
& quot ; since the point of current view , one question : how could equivocarme ? & quot ; 
was in a great mistake . 
in the year 2007 went to the light that something went very in the flash . 
to middle of year , peter wuffli , general director , that to then was have as a banker genial and very intelligent , resigned surprisingly . 
some months after , the reason . 
the fund of investment the bank in losses with titles of high risk and had that amortizar thousands of million . 
for should with this , the flash announced a of capital of least nothing that of 13 billion million of frf . 
for this found investors , course that some miraran with contemptuous to little before : a fund state asian and opaco of singapore and a fund state arab , so discreto , that never had heard their name . 
this was only the first coup . 
in april of 2008 , . 
the bank had that on the loss of thousands of million , marcel ospel , president the administrative council , in 2006 in the second better paid administrative council of switzerland , resigned . 
in october of 2008 , she the disaster , in view of their investment wrong , the ubs found in the financial crisis to the collapse and had that be rescatada the state . 
the national bank values problem to the many ubs thousands of million , the confederation was six thousands of million of frf a sensible bono converted , by the that in copropietaria the bank . 
whole switzerland was affected , said what dramatic that was this for a small country , if aloja to banks so large . 
finally the sum the balance of the ubs in 2007 was more of five sometimes greater that the economic results of switzerland ( see ) . 
& quot ; not we to to rescue to the ubs & quot ; , said geiger , expert in banca . 
to the first disaster joined the second . 
few months after , the ubs in a conflict tax with america and was ready to limits the data of the customers wealthiest , that possibly had defraudado tax with aid the bank . 
also , whereby a figure of 780 thousands of million of dollars , reimbursed of profits injustificados of these business with a compensation payment . 
with this , the ubs more or least have helped in the fraud tax . 
simultaneously lost something that had been since always their capital in the competition customers rich : the aureola of discretion . 
after the scandal , the secret the bank blessing already not is the same . 
to this continued the the president of the junta directive and the president the administrative council . 
and the displacement of the funds of the customers . 
of this way , in few months the bank lost their credibility in their two central sectors : in the banca of investment by the speculation flawed and in the administration of goods by the aid the fraud tax . 
and fair when readjust to be more something relaxed , fair when i that the ubs readjust to this , is this desdichada history the operators , a individual operators 1,7 billion million of eur , before of that the bank diera account of that something was . 
and , what seen , this still not works well with the management of risk in the banca of investment . 
& quot ; with the case adoboli to that the controls of risk have changed too little & quot ; , says martin janssen , professor of economy and finance in the institute banking of the university of zurich . 
the financial director of a great bank german also is sure : & quot ; the problem of the ubs is that not dominates the controls of risk & quot ; . 
what that about the idea of the caution , with the that the bankers swiss were since ago time , be the watch of the over goods the world : no risk too large , in change , the security the money to quebrar the another on of the republic sanctity . 
the deposits of security of the banks swiss were the symbol of the inquebrantable reliability , as lindt and the chocolate genuine . 
the central of the ubs in zurich not dovetails with the buzz the hardest private bank blessing , only is a little greater . 
the situation is classical . 
the bank has their main headquarters in the street of zurich , that will since the station main directly the lake of zurich , enmarcado the summits covered of snow of the mountains suizas . 
here the buildings are ostentosos , the rented are a of the more higher of europe . 
here are as tiffany`s between traditional business swiss as the . 
here they since ago years the banks swiss : since the national bank , happening the palacio of credit suisse , to the elitarios private banks as julius . 
will in the room of reception of the ubs by a disproportionately door chair . 
within the walls are revestidas of , front are large sillones of such , with the logo the bank there a great letrero for indicate the & quot ; security & quot ; . 
the ubs know what that the client search here : security . 
the two large banks swiss , the ubs and credit suisse , in some time have desplazado the idea the great bank blessing , or the have betrayed , as view the president of a small private bank blessing . 
prefer not read their name in the newspaper , the end and the out ago , as all the bankers swiss , also with the business of both large banks . 
the ubs has fact too large , view , mainly in the banca of investment , where the penal have won ground . 
there the swiss not had more nothing that say . 
& quot ; and have have during much time to the our of the penal . & quot ; 
of fact , the ubs changed the banca of investment with , handed their first great proposed and then wine the disaster , no financial entity european had lost therefore money in the jungla the high risk as the great bank blessing . 
the 15 of october of 2008 , the disaster was clear . 
& quot ; that wednesday the coalition government the small country of seven million decided the greater operation of rescue in the history of their nation & quot ; , says the author lukas in their book & quot ; de ubs-crash & quot ; ( & quot ; the crash of the ubs & quot ; in spanish ) . 
the political granted to 68 thousands of million of frf or approximately 45 thousands of million of eur for save the great bank of the bancarrota . 
how them happens ? 
about with the bankers swiss , so are the problem in the dimension of the ubs . 
in june of 1998 , two of the three large banks swiss fusionan in a poderoso consortium . 
from a bank that , because to the merger , was too large for the small switzerland , and still growing . 
what that was for that the two different banks precursors of the ubs complementaran : a bank rico but asserts with the centre of the administration of goods in zurich and a more poor but more strong . 
of suddenly , the banks of investment internacionalizados came of way well with much money , with the that were do rodar a great financial bicycle . 
there two names related with this takes of the ubs : peter wuffli , head the consortium of the ubs of 2001 to 2007 , and marcel ospel , then president the administrative council . 
& quot ; always thought that wuffli and ospel were a team perfect & quot ; , says the expert in banca geiger hans . 
& quot ; wuffli , the intellectual , modest , that understand much of models and statistics , and ospel , the intuitivo that managed showed step since the learning in the bank to the summit . & quot ; 
finally , ospel of wuffli . 
and the end wuffli was probably a decisive mistake : & quot ; was that their models were a reality & quot ; , says geiger . 
& quot ; is a case tragic . & quot ; 
tragic , perhaps . 
is clear : the desatino came before the case . 
the employees of the ubs remember clearly of the meetings of superiors , in the that wuffli , the head the consortium , always the same motto : down the charles to goldman sachs . 
the bank american was the bank of more investment poderoso the world . 
encabezaban the & quot ; league tables & quot ; , the clasificaciones that then documentaban the success of the banks . 
the ubs wanted be in the summit . 
some steps you forthcoming well . 
in the operations of divisas and in the negotiating of actions was in what more high . 
without however , the advisers of companies makers put of highlighted a point weak : in the business the international interest , in the language of banca & quot ; fixed income & quot ; , there a huge compensation for the large banks . 
the ubs has in the products hipotecarios american . 
for fill these , the ubs started a adventure that almost you costs their existence . 
or of growth , invirtieron therefore the same bank as one of their funds of high risk created in investment american of high risk . 
transformed in a powerful machine for titularizar appropriations american hipotecarios and venderlos to continuation , manteniendo certain risks to account own . 
and also , as other banks at the bajada during much time . 
& quot ; in summer of 2007 , as the market american estate was in llamas , the ubs there & quot ; , said geiger , expert in banca . 
so large the euphoria , so thorough the fall . 
a managing had that go , already that the attempt of one s more complicated of what that were . 
the jobs in the ubs became in seats proyectables and are inseguros to the today . 
currently , who at a great bank , has a work almost impossible . 
must find a strategy for a bank , to the that all the models of business are stumbling . 
geiger , expert in banks , has a idea , to end to the banca of investment , focus in the administration of goods , return to the roots suizas . 
the bank not to to so far ( still ) . 
but the banca of investment must decrease much , is clear currently . 
the next thursday , sergio ermotti , the new president the bank , will their future strategy the world . 
in reality , only was in the italiano-suizo of 51 years as a solution abruzzo , already that the bank the bank surprisingly of their predecessor . 
meantime , he imposed : must to of way permanent the business of the ubs , the bank of zurich the tuesday . 
ermotti to restore the bank of investment to their state to middle of the nineties . 
makes 3.500 jobs . 
but this not enough . 
the ubs needs a vision . 
who is ? 
with what to earn money ? 
these are the questions that sure ago axel weber currently . 
to the time only says that first a housing with their woman in zurich . 
the next year . 
the fear to the recession in europe overvalued on the exchange us 
the recession spelling in europe has given fear to the investors americans in the start of the week . 
the changes of government in athens and rome are without force . 
the industrial production frenada in the continent sofoca the hopes of estabilizar in their origin a crisis by the indebtedness . 
could not gain the alivio general on the changes of government in rome and athens . 
the euro fell with the dollar . 
the last week , the glass italian and greek has seen full half , not half gap , but now the problems them to to to a first level , said mark luschini of janney montgomery scott . 
to all , the active financial on in the list of sales . 
the rate dow jones of the values standard closed with a low the 0,6 cent to 12.078 points . 
in the session , the the market oscila between 12.027 and 12.170 points . 
the rate be & amp ; 500 closed with 1.251 points , a low of a cent . 
the rate nasdaq of the technological exchange lost the 0,8 cent and went the market with 2.657 points . 
in frankfurt , the rate dax sacks with a low the 1,2 cent to 5.985 points . 
the industry of the 17 countries euro has small clearly their production and put in the end of their booming . 
the companies there in september the two least cent that the previous month , as reports the office of impracticable of eurostat . 
what that was scepticism between the investors americans : & quot ; not we a island , if not dependent & quot ; , said steve goldman of goldman management . 
europe not can release so quickly of a recession , also there more signs of weakness in the banks . 
warren buffett , the alamos of the investment , only this this caution , still not is clear if europe is what enough strong for do all what necessary for to end to the crisis , said in a interview for the cnbc . 
that , since their point of view is too soon for invest in loans state or european banks . 
in place of that , arroja the be a the of old principles and will in the technological sector us . 
their investment of more of ten billion million of dollars in ibm supports the prices of the actions the traditional consortium and the ago cotizar against the trend in the market the principle hardly a percentage more high . 
the value closed almost without amendments to 187,35 dollars . 
after some indications , buffett paid 170 dollars of average every unit and remained the 5,5 cent . 
the prices of the actions of their company of investment berkshire hathaway lost the 1,3 cent . 
the titles of participation the bank of american fortalecieron clearly with the 2,6 cent that the market . 
the home sold almost all the rest of their cautiously the china construction bank and embolsa this 6,6 thousands of million of dollars . 
the institute to strengthen mainly their share of capital with the proposed neta the business and with this to with the regulatory requirements . 
the constructora of planes boeing increased their earnings and with this write the losses in dow . 
the action a 1,5 cent , after of that the consortium cobrara the greater charge of their history . 
airline emirates acted the friday 50 planes of long distance the kind 777 and the value the asked in 18 thousands of million of dollars . 
including the options of 20 more machines , the volume out to 26 thousands of million of dollars . 
in the exchange of new york approximately 710 billion million of actions changed of you . 
719 values by , 2281 fell and 79 refused without changes . 
the nasdaq cerro with volumes of sale of 1,38 billion million , 630 actions to the alza , 1.913 to the low and 82 without amendments . 
grajos smart extienden in the cities 
in many websites the grajos they & quot ; birds problem & quot ; : not guards to these animals of the cities during much time , claim the experts . 
to a them them , other want librarse very quickly of them , the grajos facilitate since ago years to the image of the city , but in many municipalities destroys the complaints of the neighbours the and the noise of the animals . 
although not has appeared no half against the & quot ; birds problem & quot ; to now . 
the grajos already not out of the cities , claim the experts in the first symposium on grajos in read , frisia eastern . 
there the specialists of all the national territory discussing on possible solutions . 
for alternatives in the cities 
the forgers some the problems of the cities to the migration the field of certain grajos protected ; the chemical applications in the agriculture just visiblemente with the reciprocal areas traditional . 
the hunting , the growing and the fall of trees that the hospedan dificultan the life of the birds . 
the grajos are protected . 
there large colonies with more of 600 partners reproductoras in soest , westfalia , between other , in the lancaster , between other in jever , diepholz and achim in bremen , so as in read . 
there in 2005 to the headlines negative of the press a controversial project for kill in mass to the grajos the district . 
the critical have described the hunting of the animals by traps for birds and the murder with palos as especially brutal . 
& quot ; and of normal way not manages nothing & quot ; manifested werner , urbanista and paisajista of read . 
him with water to the nidos or throwing the trees usually be consequences not deseadas , says also manfred kaiser , expert in half environment of lahr , baden-wurtemberg . 
& quot ; the , the large colonies of into and sacks in other places . & quot ; 
ahuyentarlos only is imaginable as exception in hospitals , coast of elderly or schools . 
& quot ; we live with them , already not the atrapamos . & quot ; 
without the but , not soluciona the problem in the cities , view wolfgang kellner , mayor of read . 
is possible a combination of ahuyentar to the animals of areas residenciales sensitive and cebos for that again to asentarse in other places . 
& quot ; paneles information in place of sierras of chain & quot ; uta maria , and ago advertising in against with the end of that involved to the animals of a way completely different : & quot ; what better is that we aguantar a speak in the face with aplomo . & quot ; 
in schleswig-holstein the circuito of education on the grajos of ascheberger , where letreros report on the life of the smart birds . 
while therefore , the project is accepted the tourists . 
also has their own opinion on the criticisms the noise of the birds : & quot ; all are forms of communication , have much that say . & quot ; 
the intelligence and as of these animals are legendarias , the grajos not only which the resources for access to bocados esquistos , if not that fabrican tools for usarlas as resources . 
recently , of the university of cambridge comprobaron in four grajos to where a the intelligence of the birds . 
in a experiment , the birds aprendieron with quickly that be to fall a stone on a platform for so achieve a larva of polilla . 
without much adiestramiento , recognised with determination the size and the way that should have the stone for fall on the platform . 
in a second trial , the astutos grajos be resolve a complicated problem . 
the researchers colocaron a small dustbin with a larva of polilla in a cilindro side . 
the birds not were to to their prey with the speak . 
but the researchers them red a paper of alambre . 
with the that the four animals formaron a hook , with the that pescaron the dustbin in the tirador the tubo . 
three of the waiting grajos what intruder in the first attempt . 
portugal in the championship 2012 thank to christian ronaldo 
the bosnios and the turks not have hopes in the championship . 
the their , portugal , croatia , the republic czech and ireland also will in the championship 2012 . 
portugal , the republic czech , croatia and ireland have sellado in the play-offs the last notes for the championship 2012 in poland and ukraine . 
guiado the hero triunfante christian ronaldo ( 8 . , 53 . ) , portugal to bosnia-herzegovina 6-2 ( 2-1 ) and , after the 0-0 the party of adi , was the five cautiously of the championship seguidas . 
the czech intruder 1-0 ( 0-0 ) in the party of back of the play-offs with the outsider montenegro , after of that in the party of adi ( 2-0 ) any the things clear . 
croatia not he that you marcaran in the 0-0 against turkey , ireland managed a do 1-1 ( 1-0 ) against estonia . 
nani ( 24 . ) , helder postiga ( 72 . , 82 . ) and miguel veloso ( 80 . ) marcaron the others goals of portugal . 
the former professional of the bundesliga , zvjezdan misimovic with a penalti ( 41 . ) and the captain spahic emir ( 65 . ) acortaron travel two sometimes for bosnia . 
lulic sena successful a card red ( 54 . ) . 
bosnia lituania to cause of portugal in the play-offs the world of south of 2010 . 
in the on light of lisbon , portugal started of way perfect . 
ronaldo a free direct since more of 30 metres for only to the head in the points . 
a fourth of time after , nani was their on for usher since far and managed the 2-0 since 25 metres . 
the bosnios , that not lucieron in the first average time , had their first clear opportunity thank the goleador edin dzeko . 
the former player the team of wolfsburg , leader the english manchester unable holder a cabezazo the palo , but the not the line of ( 33 . ) . 
jiracek for the republic czech 
to continuation , the colegiado wolfgang stark , of ergolding , was in the eye the hurricane . 
after the attack to helder postiga in the area of penati bosnia , decided show the portuguese the most card tirarse the soil ( 36 . ) . 
in the on theories , stark a controversial penalti after a action of fabio coentrao , that transformed misimovic . 
after the rest , the european of 2004 all with 4 goals . 
the czech ended with the last doubt in the minute 81. with gol of petr jiracek . 
the of europe of 1976 fifth qualifies time consecutiva for the championship . 
the team the you michal bilek with the legionario of the bundesliga gahler kadlec ( bayer leverkusen ) and tomas pekhart ( 1 . groningen ) also had fortunately and had that overcome a second of reaction in the initial stage . 
in the last time , the portero petr cech blackout with a a a possible gol in own door of tomas sivok ( 9 . ) . 
montenegro had more possibilities with the disturb jovetic stevan and leave damjanovic in action . 
damjanovic espoused in the minute 40. of the back the analogues , very fair in the of cech . 
after the rest the czech debieron protect the larguero the portero of reputation world , the delantero the groningen seoul the to realized ( 50 . ) . 
finally , the gol before the end sentenced the party . 
while therefore , turkey the maravilla the football of zagreb . 
four days after the 0-3 in istanbul , the turks not their of a 0-0 in zagreb . 
while was almost sure that the you national guus hiddink should leave their asiento the banquillo of third the world of 2002 , the croatia were their quarter participation in the end of the championship . 
to 31.000 made in the on maksimir , the turks almost a principle of dream . 
in the minute seven and with a chute to long distance , selcuk inan only managed play the poste . the intruder kazim kazim not could send the within of the . 
after the second of reaction , croatia every more time the control . 
after of the pause , croatia not he that you metieran no gol . 
with to mandzukic of vfl wolfsburg , that in the minute 62. was website to ivan perisic , of dortmund , danijel pranjic ( bayern of munich ) and gordon schildenfeld ( eintracht frankfurt ) are the legionarios of the bundesliga in the practice . 
trapattoni will to the championship 
in dublin , the irish up the first participation in the championship since 1988 in germany . 
instigation ward was the team the you giovanni trapattoni , that triumphant with the 4-0 in the party of adi prepared for a decision prior , it to the head in the minute 32 . 
konstantin vassiljev ( 57 . ) with the team invited . 
ireland since the beginning , but due wait to the minute 23 . , when robbie keane of the angeles galaxy had their first great opportunity . 
since the first time , the defence estona blackout possible goals of advantage . 
but in the minute 32. what forward . 
after a defence the portero pavel londak , about ward and the to through of the line , coats the 1-0 . 
a woman severely apology the caerse of a tram 
a woman of 52 years is severely apology the caerse the monday of a tram in lichtenberg , berlin . 
had that be operada in a hospital , as the police the tuesday . 
the tram had that stop of way unexpectedly in herzbergallee , already that a an clamped of coup with to he . 
the car cell and in this went , for the driver . 
the others ocupantes the tram not were injured . 
a man arm atraca a farmacia in friedenau 
the tuesday the later a man arm a farmacia in bundesallee , in friedenau , berlin . 
was to a empleada of 25 years with a weapon of ceasefire and you was that you entregara the money in , as informed the police . 
after entregarle the box with the around , the do pamuk without be identified with their of a amount unknown . 
the asaltados not experienced more that the therefore susto . 
a driver obstinate severely him 
a driver obstinate of 21 years has result severely him to first hours of the morning the tuesday in alle in marzahn , berlin . 
wanted avoid of suddenly a crash that circulaba the street of a gasolinera with a trailer uk . 
what that was a patinazo with their an , came to the central strip and the carril contrary and from against several trees . 
the saddened of 21 years had that be admitted in the hospital . 
the camionero of 40 years not s him . 
a cyclist atropellada and severely apology 
a cyclist of 61 years was atropellada a car and s severely apology the monday in mitte , berlin . 
wanted cross with their bicycle the way in the cruce of pedestrians between the and , as the police the tuesday . 
was arrastrada a driver of 72 years that cell with their an . 
the woman fell and , severely apology , received treatment in a hospital . 
in the leaving , a do of cars becomes in driver kamikaze 
a man was in way of night with a car stolen in charlottenburg . 
the girar , from against a car aparcado , in total theme to two more cars and three bicycles . 
the police the persecution . 
the author the crime pamuk to whole speed the appears . 
in sense contrary ! 
a of concrete and lost parties of their an . 
the car clamped and the man she to ordinary their leaving . 
a peatona disparada with a escopeta of air comprimido since a 
a peatona was disparada with a escopeta of air comprimido since a in schwedt . 
the sunday , the woman of 32 years caminaba close of their housing when was disparada the on , as informed the police . 
had that be ingresada in the hospital with a open apology . 
to continuation , the police four suspected , of the that a young of 19 years is have the accused main . 
according a spokesman of the police , not there relationship between the woman and the accused . 
a young of 25 years severely him in a accident of traffic 
a driver s severely him in a collision with a crash that had in sense theories in the district of potsdam-mittelmark . 
the young of 25 years went of the road with their furgoneta causes unknown to the time and to a protective fence the monday the morning in a federal road with to wiesenburg , as the police . 
the force the or , the car to the carril contrary and there with the crash . 
the recreational had that from the young of 25 years of their an . 
a hawk of salvage what was to a hospital . 
fire in a cinema in alexanderplatz 
the night the monday had place a fire in the cinema cubix in alexanderplatz . 
little after of average night , approximately 70 made of the session of night had that leave the cinema of the street , as the police . 
not there no him . 
after subsequent research , is that the fire in a area an to the electric components was because to a technical fault . 
the same time was the light and about a nostrils smoke . 
a woman severely apology in a attempt of theft of bolso 
a woman s severely apology in a attempt of theft of bolso in , in the district of . 
the author the crime encapuchado to the woman the friday in a parking to a trade and you their bolso , as informed the police . 
as the victim opposed resistance , the theme in the hands and in the head with a palo . 
finally pamuk without the . 
the woman was ingresada severely apology in a hospital . 
visitors to a graveyard stolen the they tumbas 
in the weeks past , people over have again to be flown in a graveyard of . 
a total of twelve robbery have happened since middle of october , between other robbery of bolsos , money , mobile , cards of credit and manojos of keepers , as the police . 
the victims are mainly women of age older that cuidaban the tumbas of their family . 
aparcaban their bicycles or andadores with the items of value in the by . 
the last friday had place the last theft of a amount of money that was to more of hundred eur . 
six pintores of graffitis detention 
the police clamped to six pintores of graffitis . 
the six young were detention the sunday in marzahn , as the police . 
the adults of between 15 and 25 years pintaron a wagon of train in . 
subieron the wagon with a escalera and tore a glass . 
a witnessed to the police . 
in as the officials civil appeared , the authors the crime huyeron . 
but were detention little after in a stopover in landsberger allee . 
a man in wheelchair of wheelchair arrastrado a car and severely him 
a man in wheelchair of wheelchair s severely him the cross a street in schwedt . 
the saturday the man wanted cross a street a step of pedestrians and not was seen a conductora , as informed the police . 
the an the man , that fell in the street and in the head . 
had that receive treatment in a hospital . 
a child of seven years atropellado and him in wedding 
a child of seven years was atropellado a car and s severely him the monday the later in the street tegeler in wedding , berlin . 
came to a hospital with injured in the face and in the pierna , as informed the police the monday . 
the child was atropellado of suddenly in the street a car reading a woman of 53 years . 
this not i ruthless their an before and what . 
the child not was linked of adults . 
a cyclist severely him in kreuzberg 
a cyclist of 46 years was atropellado a car and s severely him to last time the sunday the later in the street , kreuzberg , berlin . 
came to a hospital with injured in the head and with humour , as informed the police the monday . 
still not is clear how happened the collision with the an of a young of 22 years . 
a car calcinado in 
a car was calcinado to first hours of the morning the monday in the street in , berlin . 
a man of 32 years tried apagar the fire , said a spokesman of the police . 
not what managed and the recreational had that control the fire . 
in as the an , was of a model former . 
is that was a fire caused , without for political . 
leaving the place of a accident in lichtenberg 
after a serious accident the night the sunday in lichtenberg , the driver pamuk without be of their his him . 
the man with their crash in the street , from against a poste of the appears and is in a way , as the police . 
a conductora of tram could stop to time and was flee the driver . 
the recreational , avisados , had that from to a young of 23 years severely him the an destrozado and taken to a hospital . 
the the an pressed subsequently that their car had been stolen was little . 
fire in a in tempelhof 
the night the sunday a box a in a home of tempelhof . 
the inquilino of this home in marienfelder allee smoke in the ladders and to the recreational , as informed the police . 
to continuation clamped to a young interested in the jobs of species . 
but the olaf not anticipated , what that was since in freedom . 
injured in a principal in a local of food fast 
two customers were injured in a principal in a local of food fast of pankow the night the sunday . 
four men of age between 18 and 21 years started to pelear with two sellers the restaurant on the 1 : 20 in the walk promenade prenzlauer , as the police . 
two young of 19 years quisieron help , to what that were features and pataleados of suddenly the quartet . 
both experienced injured in the head . 
the four aggressor were be detention in the restaurant . 
a purposeful man skinheads in station of metre and their agresor arrested 
a purposeful man to a girl acosada in the station of metre of gesundbrunnen and was beat . 
three matones agredieron the man of 41 years the saturday and you by with and echaron spray of pimienta in the face . 
the pamuk after . 
little after a young of 19 years was arrested under suspicion , as informed the police . 
a killed to the police the mobile . 
the officials found the spray of pimienta in a commissioned close of the station of metre . 
the purposeful man received treatment ambulatorio in a hospital . 
beginning to arder a zanja in the area of botschaftsviertel 
in a zanja in the area of botschaftsviertel in tiergarten declared a fire the saturday . 
on the 12 : 00 hours , close of in the street material of construction , as the police . 
about a great cloud of smoke , that could see with clear since far . 
the recreational came with four units and were control the fire with quickly . 
to the fire , who a system of heating urban and cables of aware . 
also the of the zanja had that be unimpressive currently , said a spokesman of the recreational . 
no person s apology in the fire . 
during the jobs of species , the street was closed the traffic of cars and buses . 
a man of 40 years severely him in a robbery 
a issue asaltaron to a man of 40 years the friday the later in mitte and what attack severely . 
the man caminaba on the 23 : 30 hours the street when was diet three criminals that you asked the time , as the police the saturday . 
to continuation the men trialogues to their victim , the by of suddenly , the derribaron to patadas and huyeron with their portfolio and mobile . 
the police found the man severely him tumbado in the street and summoned the doctor of urgent . 
the man had that be admitted in a hospital . 
a father to a conductora of tram to their son 
the friday the later , a father obstinate to a conductora of tram and the theme subsequently to the look of their son of four years . 
the working of 49 years of bvg had that stop in the street in wedding , the be atacada of suddenly a man of 30 years , as the police informed the saturday . 
the man you was a in the face to the look their son . 
the police clamped quickly the man obstinate , the child had that be recogido their grandfather . 
the conductora of tram s slightly apology . 
a contenedor of waste incendiado in wedding 
the night the saturday , a issue incendiaron a contenedor of waste in a yard backyard of wedding . 
a neighbour the ceasefire on average night and was to two men overalls of dark flee the wall the graveyard adyacente of the street , as the police . 
the recreational , avisados , were apagar quickly the fire . 
a gun labrador hungry radar a hornilla , incendiando a housing 
a gun hungry was possesses the fire of a housing in brandenburgo / vaclav . 
probably , the gun on the for achieve the food , as informed the police the friday . 
the regulator and a hornilla . 
prendieron all on the . 
the housing the fourth out of the home of neighbourhood started to arder the thursday the later . 
the gun died inhalation of gases of resultant . 
have proseguido the estate negligence guilty of fire against the inquilina of 18 years , that not was in the housing during the fire . 
estreno world of & quot ; & quot ; in hollywood with many large stars 
rain of flashes , fan , it stars of & quot ; & quot ; , in the estreno world of & quot ; dawn & quot ; thousands of curiosos did to the carpet of black the theatre nokia in the angels . 
the parade of the stars for several hours . 
not to the fan of the saga of vampiros : robert pattinson , the actor-vampiro , their rival-hombre lobo , an lautner and the bella & quot ; bella & quot ; , kristen stewart signed and posaron with the fan . 
in the quarter part , bella end with their great love . 
sap to doblar their figure of employees in china 
sap , the greater manufacturer of software of europe invested thousands of million in the following years in china and to almost doblar their figure of employees in the country . 
to 2015 approximately two billion million of dollars ( approximately 1,5 billion million of eur ) , informed the consortium of dax the tuesday . 
& quot ; more achieve installations for the research and the development and contrataremos workers & quot ; , garage mcdermott , co-presidente , in a conference in beijing . 
the personal must grow of 2.500 workers currently to 4.500 . 
the figure of sucursales the leader the international market for software of companies of five to ten or eleven . 
to now , sap is present in beijing , , , and . 
approximately 4.000 of the more of 176.000 international customers of sap have their headquarters in the country the boom . 
the plans of growth in china are also a important element of the strategy for 2012 the consortium of dax . 
sap to increase their volume of sales for 2015 to 20 billion million of eur . 
the last year approximately 12,5 thousands of million of eur . 
currently the business the suministrador of software that employs to 50.000 workers in all the world , will so well as few sometimes in the last . 
sap has 20 active years in china . 
& quot ; currently we further our activities ( ... ) & quot ; , he mcdermott . 
& quot ; our aim is activar a growth lasting in china by a wider training . & quot ; 
massacre to personal level 
the nostrils and generous new book of peter englund , the beauty and the pain of the battle ( the beauty and the sorrow ) : a history about of the first war world , & quot ; beginning with a long dramatis personae the kind that can do that to one you caiga the soul to the feet . 
i here some by of action : testing suavemente this website and in their mark pages . 
will to know very well to these people in the the mr englund , and this dramatis personae will as their gps , a faro during these few at in the that , as one of their men and women , is confusing and desamparado in the fog of the war . 
the mr englund is a i and journalist swedish . 
also is the new secretary permanent of the academy swedish , that granted the prize nobel of literature . 
what that has writing here is a book little aware , that describes , rightly , as & quot ; a work of anti-historia & quot ; . 
contains some names triumphs , important treaties or frugal battles ; virtually not there ambassadors , elegant journalists or further on holdings or material . 
not is therefore a book about of what happened , it , as & quot ; a book about of how happened & quot ; . is about of & quot ; feelings , from , experiences and states of humour & quot ; . 
& quot ; the beauty and the pain of the battle & quot ; being the experiences in times of war of more or least 20 men and women ordinarias , to both both of the war , since colegialas and to escaladores , doctors , drivers of ambulance and administrative . 
some of these in heroes . 
some in prisoners of war , or than their member , will belmarsh or . 
their lives parpadean here as velas votivas encendidas in a church ; a new add to the a other while go . 
the book the mr englund is a deviating of the books of history standard . 
is also a correctivo to the notion of that the first war world only was the funesta war of trincheras in the with western . 
& quot ; the beauty and the pain of the battle & quot ; at of way skilled to through of other teatros of war : the alps , the balkans , the with eastern , mesopotamia , africa the this . 
to the soldiers in this book them give above the colmenas ; one is the christmas in egypt under the ; the nut tse-tse are a intratable problem . 
this is a book conmovedor , almost since the start . 
the war inunda the lives of these people as a natural disaster , a hurricane katrina that apesta to cordita . 
when the ceasefire of artillery as in the distance , and you a woman that is in home with your children , you quedas or huyes ? 
of all forms who next ? 
almost nobody understand what that is happening , not even what has that fight this war . 
& quot ; we of facts & quot ; , noticeable the mr englund , & quot ; has rellenado with conjeturas , suposiciones , hopes , scares , ideas fixed , bilbao of the , dreams , pesadillas and questioned & quot ; . 
& quot ; the beauty and the pain of the battle & quot ; still to individuals as florence farmborough , a juliet english in the army russian , and richard stumpf , a young marinero german of the fleet of high sea . 
their stories have successful in their greater part of flash , letters and another material already published before . 
the explanations of their lives can be aterradoras or conmovedoras , but are more vaults of life in the accumulation of small at , details stumbling , the mr englund . 
many of these are about of privaciones and of bust with what that there . 
about of have the history of a colegiala german says : & quot ; , all parties & quot ; . 
& quot ; of coffee , hypermarkets untrue , rubber of imitation , vendas of role , botones of wood . & quot ; 
continues talking of the food in germany . 
describes & quot ; meat nation to from of rice cocido and prensado in blubber of carlos ( and rematado with a hueso untrue fact of wood ) ; tobacco fact of roots and peladuras of dry potatoes ; shoes with suelas of wood & quot ; . 
there , noticeable , & quot ; 837 substitutes permitidos of the meat in the production of salchichas , 511 substitutes the coffee registered & quot ; . 
some stories are about the honour and the value . 
a american recognised their own momentum towards the who and to about of the war : & quot ; sientes that , after of all , this is for what that the men are designed and not for drawing in sillones with a cigarro and a moonshine , the newspaper of the later or a impact seller , and removing that that varnish means civilisation and that not there a barbarian behind of that pechera almidonada and tachonada . & quot ; 
in change a soldier british account of that probably , and of that nobody or you . 
& quot ; a time that one resigna the thinking of sacrificarse , to one you like think that could happens front the public & quot ; , says . 
in change , is horriblemente be & quot ; to a condemned being estrangulado in secret & quot ; . 
other comments are about of a old europe builds , and about of new types of terror . 
& quot ; the conflict has become every more time in a economic competition & quot ; , says the mr englund , & quot ; a war between factories & quot ; . 
however the arrival of what that he is & quot ; a new kind in the bestiario the young century : the murderer in mass elocuente and convinced with ropas of good textiles that executes their fighters while is at behind of a escritorio & quot ; . 
the people means of ways imprevistas ; there therefore behaviour innoble as heroico . 
the mr englund about of the soldiers that us actively catch a disease of prostitutes as way of evade the service in the with . 
& quot ; the more expression redeeming of this can see the trade of relative , that the soldiers buy and embadurnan with this their genitales with the hope of end in the hospital & quot ; , says . 
& quot ; those that are truly desperate what frotan on their eyes , what that to often place to a ceguera of life . & quot ; 
in this translation the swedish nation serious peter , the prosa the mr englund but not extravagante , is perfectly adaptada to their task human . 
in dozens of small scenes however the way in the that the war to & quot ; up forces excepcionalmente incontrolables : nationalism extreme , social revolution , hatred religious & quot ; . 
the people starts to ask what their leaders them are doing combat . 
the best books about of the first war world to often have been indirectos , as the great war and the memory modern of paul fussell , or novelas as without odysseus in the with of erich remarque , in time of stories integrales . 
the volume the mr englund unite to a countryman conventional little . 
their book has one of the more end beside that i remember in a labour of not fiction . 
not what . 
but is as if would come since their book , arrancado of between your it that website of dramatis personae , and the would planted with a cerilla . 
after a step in untrue become , a assault planeado the minute 
hundreds of players of police were involucrados , some of them moment helmets rough . 
was the night the monday the tuesday because the park zuccotti would more gap . 
the operation remained in secret unless for a few official of high senior , saying at to the others that were to a exercise . 
the inspector of police raymond w. his was in the centre , their presence subrayaba how the operation plagaba of challenges for the department of police . 
not were verge the episodes of recent weeks , as the of espray pimienta on the demonstrators , infringiendo the rules the department and coming a storm of sympathy public towards the & quot ; okupas & quot ; . 
and this the operation police for despejar the park zuccotti of demonstrators after of two weeks of planning and invariably . 
the players had prepared watching as had developed the occupations in other cities . 
a simulacro of greater disaster was taking place in randalls island , with a eye eye towards zuccotti . 
the players incrementaron the called invariably of louder - measures contraterroristas that implicaban leverage quickly to a great number of official of police - for firstly in the lower manhattan . 
the last session of invariably was in the night the monday , in the on of manhattan the river dundalk . 
the ordenes of into in the park came in the & quot ; last minute & quot ; , said someone familiarizado with the orders , that refirieron to the mission only as & quot ; a exercise & quot ; . 
& quot ; to the few polis that know that were called for this , not them said that was for into in the park zuccotti & quot ; , said the person , that spoke of way allegation . 
& quot ; the earthquakes people that knew that would to into in the park zuccotti were in the more higher levels the department . & quot ; 
a reason for the foe was a lesson aprendida the city . 
the 14 of october , a players quisieron despejar the park , but desistieron when hundreds of demonstrators ems before of time after of have heard about of the plans . 
the operation the tuesday led to players of several units police , including special forces of all the municipal district - tens of mobile players that members housing inundar the areas with high rate of crime . 
the mr his said that very people , as those that travel daily the work , had state bet and viniendo the park during the day , doing of the 1 a.m. a good time for into . 
& quot ; was appropriate do when as the less number of people in the park & quot ; , said . 
lorry of the unit of services of emergency with focos and altavoces congregaban in the cruce of pike slip with franklin d. roosevelt drive , close the bridge of manhattan , before of out . 
the go and the messages pregrabados that retumbaban since the altavoces distressing intimidated to many demonstrators . 
the players of affairs community were the park with their cortavientos blue clear , many demonstrators simply recogieron their things and were . 
not no shop to the 1 : 45 a.m. , said the police , giving time to the demonstrators to up their pertenencias . 
other equipment of players were seen in the kilometres for into if needed do arrests in the park . 
the journalists in the park were forced to abandonarlo . 
paul j. browne , the spokesman head the department of police , said that was their security . 
but many journalists said that tried avoid that destin to the police into in action in the park , and that had been treaties bruscamente the players . 
the mr browne said that the mobile units of television in church street , to what long the on western the park , were battlefields images . 
to measure that the police towards the west to through of the densa web of personal effects of the demonstrators , including luggage and regulator of waste of role and of plastic abarrotadas of clothes , equipment the department of tidying them trialogues , recogiendo what that golan back . 
some demonstrators that refused to get were arrastrados outside , apareciendo images in internet little time after . 
a central group of demonstrators took close positions of the area of kitchen the camp , close the centre the park . 
some did a barrier , and the police she for . 
in about to 10 people in the epicentro the camp candaron between them the sit . 
and two encadenaron people to trees , said the mr his . 
the players the service of emergencies were called for cortar the candados . 
not did arrests in the park to more or least the 3 : 30 a.m. , said the mr his . 
the operation of despeje was full a 75 minutes after , said the police . 
the mr browne said that 142 people were dark in the park . 
the greater part of the arrests were & quot ; at the order public and resistance to the authority & quot ; , said . 
the or of more high senior in the scene was joseph j. , the head the department , the higher official uniformado in the department . 
phil t. pulaski , the head of detectives the department , also was there . 
the mr his , while was present , & quot ; not was dirigiendo the operations & quot ; , said the mr browne . 
a second group of players than to what long the on eastern of broadway , between the streets liberty and cedar , in case of that tell that into . 
alzaron barricadas in the street cortlandt , a bloc the north the park , and in the street pine , a bloc the southern . 
since these positions , was to the police extending the kilometres even more beyond the park zuccotti . 
in a time given , a series of players , many of them with shields , were seen rolling to the people towards afuera . 
had 28 people in the kilometres north . 
any of the more action noisier of the night had place the southern the park . 
in about to the 5 a.m. , the southern of the street pine , a manifestante on the detonating of a car of police , and to other them was quitando the air of the wheelchair of a furgoneta of police . 
in a time given , a one of contrachapado went flying since the a . 
the end , a or and a manifestante were hospitalizados . 
the union of workers of support to the city the redundancies 
the union that represents to hundreds of workers of support school that lost their jobs the last month planning exceeding to the city the wednesday , accordance that the redundancies were plain and deplored because to their impact desproporcionado on the schools that atienden to poor students . 
the demand is , possibly , the last weapon to available the union , the municipal district 37 , in their effort revocar the redundancies . 
seiscientos seventy and two vacancies of the school , the coordinators of parents and other employees that were between the worst paid of the city lost their work the 7 of october , in a movement that the leaders trade have to as a venganza policy their negative to allow , the last spring , the access part of the city to a fund of assistance health to office of groups of work for close their gap budgetary . 
the municipal authorities have denied categorically that prosecution . 
in a hearing in the city the last month , the consejero of education , dennis m. walcott , said that the redundancies were a part the budget approved in june . 
a member the council him that nothing in the budget especificaba that the member the personal of support of the school would dismissed . 
officials the municipal district 37 said that tabled the complaint writing , advirtiendo the department of education of that would scrutiny . will a conference of press the wednesday for announced the presentation official of the demand , in the court supreme state in manhattan . 
the demand include the sr. walcott and the department of education of the city as accused , and account with eight workers dismissed as advice , all them women blackest or latinas , the as that the majority of the assistants that lost their jobs . 
elizabeth he , spokesman the legal department of the city , said that the city not had seen the demand and what therefore not could do comments on their specific claims . 
according a draft of the successful demand the new york times , the union has focused in the number of redundancies in the schools of poor areas of the city for support a complaint treatment unfair , saying that the poor schools lost more assistants , already that had been insuficientemente contrary of way of . 
out that if well not there redundancies in staten island and a few redundancies in the schools in the upper dundalk side or tribeca , 17 assistants schoolchildren lost their jobs in the district 23 in brownsville , brooklyn , and 46 were dismissed in the districts 8 and 9 in the southern the bronx . 
taking in account the loss of five of the eight assistants employees the school public 36 in harlem , where the 68 cent of the students live in the poverty , the demand says , & quot ; this not is a area of parents wealthiest that be custom funds for cover the deficit budgetary & quot ; . 
p.d . the budget the district 36 reduced in a 3,26 cent this year , and also lost money when the city changed the way in that estimated the additional funding for every abolition student poor in the schools . 
the union also says that the directors of schools imperative can have been deceived the language in a that authorises the learn of the coordinators of parents . 
the his the word & quot ; surplus & quot ; for under the action , to despite of that & quot ; surplus & quot ; describes with greater often the act of enterprises to a proxy of the of a school to a exchange of work , whose just are paid the central office . 
& quot ; sixty and six coordinators of parents were dismissed & quot ; , says the draft of the complaint , & quot ; and not only in surplus & quot ; . 
mission despite , the congress prepared for to to a agreement on libya 
seems that finally republicans and democrats in the capitolio are prepared to only of agreement on something related with the embargo in libya . 
all what that needed was that the which had success , that the contractor dictator muamar the gaddafi outside bombing and murdered and the participation of states united came to their end . 
the tuesday , the committee of foreign affairs the senate will to be a resolution , patrocinada the president john kerry ( democrat massachusetts ) , with with the senadores john mccain ( republicano coldest ) and joseph i. lieberman ( independent connecticut ) , aplaudiendo to the who their successful which and to the troops of ee.uu . their & quot ; courage & quot ; . 
& quot ; this resolution is for honrar to the valientes of libya , the start to rebuild their country & quot ; , said kerry . 
& quot ; is a claim of support bipartidista for their democratic aspirations . & quot ; 
the language can appear inofensivo , but nothing on the debate on libya has been easy to now . 
this summer , the legislators of both parties peleaban between and with the home white on the wording of a series of resolutions for approve or reject the role of the military of ee.uu . in the mission of the nato in libya . 
in june , kerry and mccain tabled a resolution that authorises the use limited of military forces of ee.uu . in libya . 
the project of law was derrotado in the house a broader for bipartidista , and that never came to votarse in the senate . 
but the same day in that the project of law was rejected in the house , the house also rejected a measure that would recortado the funds for the operations americans in libya . 
what he the mission of ee.uu . in a kind of legislative purgatory - with the congress what enough upsetting as for criticise the within part of obama of the mission , but not so enfadado as for in reality segar the hierba under their feet . 
to continuation , the the congress was superada the events . 
fell in hands of the rebels who in august , and gaddafi was murdered the 20 of october . 
the mission of the nato end official the 31 of october . 
now the senate could be completed for act . 
the resolution the committee of foreign affairs & quot ; welcomes the people of libya their tremendo courage and extraordinary resistance for shake to ourselves & quot ; and & quot ; commends to the men and women of the forces armed of states united and to their partners of the coalition that took in military operations for protect the people of libya their extraordinary courage and professionalism & quot ; . 
the resolution also & quot ; states the national interest of the states united in a successful and irreversible transition towards the democracy in libya . & quot ; 
going the new measure the completely support of the commission of foreign affairs , or to the legislators as was the project of law of june ? 
the last version was rejected the senator richard g. place ( indiana ) , the main republicano the committee . 
the spokesman of place said the monday that not had seen still the version end the new project of law . 
the another on the capitolio , the house will to vote this week on a constitutional amendment demanding a budget employee , a legislative priority for almost all the congresistas republicans and some democrats . 
the measure , patrocinada the republicano bob goodlatte ( republicano virginia ) , will the first constitutional amendment on the budget or any another issue that of fact logre a vote of whole the house in the house or the senate in this congress . 
other legislators not have had success to the time for do to their amendments to the house , but not lack of attempts . 
the of goodlatte is only a of the 68 constitutional amendments that have wonderful in this congress , that abarcan a wider range of subjects . 
some are duplicados - the same project of law proposes therefore in the house as in the senate - and other with small compensatory between . 
there what least 15 versions of the amendment the balance budgetary so only in the house , and another handful that & quot ; be the federal expenditure . & quot ; 
some of these projects of law also are between , but are to their patrocinadores - on all republicans job that for refinar their - the opportunity of jactarse of that them were the & quot ; authors & quot ; of this measure . 
the law of control of budget , that was adopted in august , that therefore the house as the senate voted a amendment the balance budgetary . 
in march , 58 senadores voted to favour of a resolution not binding that supports the idea of that amendment . 
more beyond the budget , several member want limit the number of mandatos that the member the congress can to , while that the representative e. serrano ( new democrat york ) , to validity the limit of two mandatos for the presidents . 
the representative jesse l. jackson jr . ( democrat illinois ) has proposed a series of amendments that an the right to a education of quality and attention health , between other subjects . 
a amendment that prohibits the marriage homosexual is a proposal perenne , so as a that prohibits the burning of flags . 
some legislators also want allow the seeking of the federal laws if are been two thirds of the states . 
so enthusiasts that have been the member to the time of propose amendments , not are strings to a pace more quickly that in previous years . 
in the congress , the legislators proposed 77 amendments , and tabled 66 in the . 
the pace is unacceptable in compared with the of the the of 1990 , when the member were regularly more of 150 amendments every two years , according figures proporcionadas the library the senate . 
but not had much more success then of what that what have now . 
the last amendment that added - the 27 - was countryman in 1992 , but of fact was proposal the congress in 1789 . 
& quot ; severe but not derrotada , & quot ; giffords about in their first interview in broadcasters since the shootout 
ten months after of that a pistolero you disparara to quemarropa in a act assembly in tucson , the representative gabrielle giffords ( democrat coldest ) about in the national television the night the monday , sung accompanied of the of broadway & quot ; the sun nothing morning & quot ; and said that wanted recuperarse more of what that wanted return the congress . 
in their emergence in abc news & quot ; 20 / 20 & quot ; , with diane sawyer , giffords elites for be prayers and needed aid for i . 
the programme their difficult way of back of the damage caused a bullet that you the and the on do of their which , and that step since the with to the part of of their head . 
ago three months , the surprise to the house for such their vote triunfante in the agreement the homeless of debt . 
in their first interview since the shootout of january , that saw to six and to 13 , giffords , rio and sung - and described their recovery as & quot ; difficult & quot ; . 
when sawyer you asked how feel , giffords , of 41 years , did : & quot ; quite well & quot ; . 
the interview with giffords and their bearing , the astronaut mark his , was part of a special programme of & quot ; 20 / 20 & quot ; of a time of an , that issued the eve of the publication the new book of the couple , & quot ; gabby : a history of courage and hope & quot ; . 
the special programme analizaba the recovery of giffords since the shootout the 8 of january . 
in videos etched his in the first weeks , the is in their bed of hospital , with the head afeitada and a long cicatriz falls their with . 
it only can keep one or two it erguidos , while their husband the encourages . 
more months later , is to giffords ages in a wheelchair of wheelchair while the terapeutas you taught how to simpler actions . 
a movement of head . 
a fruncimiento of the labios . 
and then , their first word : & quot ; what & quot ; . 
in few days , giffords them other word - & quot ; tostada & quot ; , a request of change in their on of breakfast . 
videos delivery abc show that the music playing a central role in the recovery of giffords : is to the congresista cantando with with the terapeutas the songs & quot ; girls just wan na have fun & quot ; of cyndi lauper and & quot ; free falling & quot ; of tom petty . 
in the interview with sawyer , giffords , that ago two hours of been all the days , said that not reminds the day the shootout . 
their bearing said that was to giffords a article the newspaper on the murder the 12 of march when it what clamped for ask first time about of the six that had died in the incident . 
the pistolero suspect , jared reads loughner , is arrested in a prison of missouri and is being medicado the force while expected trial . 
& quot ; very people died & quot ; , you said giffords to sawyer . 
& quot ; hard , hard , hard . & quot ; 
his you said to sawyer that in a time of the recovery of their wife , it said : & quot ; i been derrotada . & quot ; 
& quot ; so that , i you i , & quot ; & apos ; gabby , not olivier been derrotada , & apos ; & quot ; said his . 
& quot ; so only olivier been severe . 
and you to out of this , and you to recuperarte and you to to with more force that never . & quot ; 
the troops do feel more that respect 
the event was a by of wall street that million of dollars for the veteranos without home in new york . 
kid diplomat sung a balada on the powerlessness , the frustration and the loss . 
in that time , several hundreds of soldiers , sailors , aviadores and infantes of marina jaramillo in their jobs in about to he . 
the a of though it of ordinary and aplaudieron . 
& quot ; the men and women were who as heroes & quot ; , said david saltzman , who organised the revenues of funds of spring . 
a military official of high senior in the by , also known as the then president the state greater whole , the almirante mike mullen , was the role of the troops of different way . 
& quot ; the were as a kind of child & quot ; , wrote the official in a electronic email . 
i sure of that the organizers they good intentions . 
that the they . 
but not was respect , of truth . was . 
the from marcadamente at paddington the difficult relationship that has helplessness of the military and a public us to often distante , to sometimes , adorador . 
prodiga to the troops with praise their handouts . 
but the alabanza has a price , say the member the service . 
the public every more time it as if you dieran it those uniformados . 
& quot ; not we victims in all & quot ; , said the general of brigade are b. macfarland , who the troops in iraq and soon towards afghanistan . 
& quot ; but seems that the only way of that some demonstrate their support is put to us in the role of souls desamparadas . & quot ; 
the issue is a issue very sensitive for the military leaders , that not want appear desagradecidos or in disagreement with the public the that serve . 
also are account of that the ira to the that enfrentaron the troops that were in the last years of the war of vietnam was much worst . 
as result , the majority of the discussions on the have to out in silence and in private between the veteranos of war . 
after of that their two children were of combat with the of marina , the colonel withdrawn mark cancian them warned of that the people apart of the military considered their service since two prospects . 
some them with a sense of fear because to that enfrentaron to the insurgents and they to places . 
other if would a & quot ; contractor enojado and as below of the surface & quot ; , said cancian , that fought in iraq and came to a work of high level the government in washington . 
during their search of employment , said , felt that some entrevistadores you had was sutilmente if would capable of aguantar under the pressure of a assignment work of washington immediately after of their this of combat . 
& quot ; when hablas about of your service , necesitas do with to the from negative & quot ; , reminded cancian to their children . 
from the military concern , in part , of the fighters us towards the wars . 
the achievements in the field of battle are rarely time elected for the alabanza part of a country that has little familiaridad with the military and is few direct profits of the wars of iraq and afghanistan . 
& quot ; us , as nation , already not we the military of ways that were the all common in the second war world & quot ; , said the general messages withdrawn david barno , who the troops of ee.uu . in afghanistan . 
in change , the praise of the political and the public concentrate in great measure in the depth the suffering of a member the service . 
the troops are recognised the number of giras that have soportado , the number of friends that have lost or the reach of their injury . 
the army afronta a growing pressure for end with the violation 
this week , a historic hearing decide if 28 women and men have a case against the army their conciliation passivity to the violation . 
if not , hundreds of advice are organising for the next . 
the soldier of first elizabeth lyman had 25 years and 11 weeks of pregnancy the night in the that it says that was raped a about . 
was october of 2008 , and schuman of return to their legutiano in the basis airline miramar , the north of st evacuated , after of the dinner with a friend when found with a colleague that was a package of 12 latas of beer . 
he you asked if could joining to it in their room for take a cup . 
& quot ; a signal of alarm & quot ; , says lyman . 
without however , the nativa of texas he to a on their concern . 
thought , not , has 19 . 
& quot ; is of texas & quot ; , says . 
& quot ; may would heard to my prompts . & quot ; 
to the few minutes of into in the room of lyman , the man you behind , towards from and , referendums . 
this week , the 18 of november , lyman and other 27 member the personal military current and old expect ansiosamente a legal decision in a historic trial that will in arlington , virginia , that decide if the demand that have interpuesta against the exsecretario of defence robert garage and their predecessor , donald rumsfeld , fare to trial . 
the demand referendums that garage and rumsfeld top in the reduction of the violation widespread between the military , in violation of the constitutional rights of the soldiers . 
tabled in february susan burke , a who of washington , d.c. , the demand discussed at to 17 advice , but to 28 in the months following , 25 women and three men , all them claim that were violados or agredidos sexually their colleagues , and that the army lituania to the time of grips , assertion , or instruction justice appropriate after of the supuestas subjected . 
burke says that will to the flat greater the army , because the problem beginning with them . 
& quot ; the army is a structure of down towards from & quot ; , says . 
& quot ; who are the people that are in conditions of eradicate the culture of the represalias ? the high was . & quot ; 
burke also says that since february , have since in contact with it close of 400 more survivors , many of the which could be part of future demands . 
their strategy : in place of consecutively to all the advice in this case , by all the eggs in a same basket , so say , will to present several cases , of be necessary , for keep the pressure . 
the team of the defence for the department of defence , encabezado the federal tax voyager macbride , has tabled a motion for underestimating the case . 
the documents the court , results newsweek , detailed the strategy of -en defence essence , that the military not can be demandados current soldiers or old the injury subjected in the forces armed . 
a judgment the court supreme of 1950 call the announcement feres , the federal government not is responsible the damage sufridos the personal in active service . 
& quot ; the damage alegados are part the military service of the advice & quot ; , say the documents . 
the department of defence refused to do comments for this article . 
the things have changed since the years 50 . 
while that to the women still them is official banned serve in combat , this distinction is only roll : the wars modern rarely time have clear the lines the with . 
therefore in iraq as in afghanistan , the equipment of soldier women are all every more time important , especially for to to the local women in areas of war . 
the result : between these two wars , 150 soldier women have died and two thirds of them in situations of combat . 
is time of that the army also modernice , says burke . 
it not is single in their fight , and other three demands are in , also the their . 
in the faculty of right of yale , the clinic of legal services for veteranos is about a case against the four main military academies supposed promote a environment . 
other part , the organisation without mind of profit vietnam veterans of america is his a demand against the army that on in the verdicts of & quot ; nuisance of the status & quot ; allocated to the victims of violation with the end of them the high the service -un common skeletons , according the activists , as anu bhagwati of the network of action of women in service , a group of human rights . 
their group presented a demand in december against the administration of veteranos , of practices discriminates in the way in that expose the complaints of profits for the people that say have been agredidas sexually in the service . 
have tabled nine projects of separate law in the congress part of a a bipartidista of senadores and representatives , proposing a series of corrections . 
in 2010 there 3.158 subjected sexual denunciadas , according the office for the prevention of the sexual aggression and answer the department of defence . 
without however , the subjected are contribution infra denunciadas , and the own estimates the pentagon , that figure in approximately the 13,5 cent of the 19000 incidents gentlemen that there that year . 
the report , published in march , also distribution the nation of prosecution : in 2010 , a 20 cent of the cases denunciados in the army was to trial - the half that in the system of justice civil . 
the advice in the case of burke , describen their attacks as only the first of a series of there . 
in the case of lyman , bossi the presunta violation to the military police least of a time after of that ocurriera . 
that night , says , you asked that contara the details of their violation 11 sometimes various to a a of police , doctors , and staff . 
it concluded to a kit of violation , and the blood of their -de agresor a court in their brazo- was karl in their bed . 
six months after , in april of 2009 , lyman relocation to a hearing to a judge , during the which you asked about of that would had sexual relations with their novio the day the attack . 
six people they as witnessing of status in name the alleged author , that was finally absuelto . 
& quot ; i the day in that the verdict & quot ; , says lyman . 
& quot ; thought that i was to go the work -me i shouting since the room . & quot ; 
& quot ; i put in the unit of , and when i , i that you i to my official of was , & quot ; & quot ; that not was their trial . that was my trial & quot ; . 
to lyman you seizure visiting to a military psiquiatra , that finally you malnourished a nuisance of the status , what that the was not apta for the service . 
in january of 2010 was dispensada the service under terms menos-que-honorables , what that you from receive any benefit . 
in as to if the case tabled lyman and their colleagues of demand continues , is a possibility very hits , says john turley , professor of right in the faculty of right orwell washington . 
without however , out , & quot ; in my opinion , should be able of to forward & quot ; . 
what that interpone between them and a verdict is this announcement that has been criticada since that published first time . 
i been a critical permanent of the announcement feres . 
the army is decades behind because not has the same incentive and deterrent that with the responsibility . 
and adds : & quot ; the back are are in against of them ... but is important for them try . & quot ; 
these things only period when the good people is ready to fight . 
if the hearing not will their way , burke , who of the advice , will to the eu to their other hundreds of advice for future cases . 
& quot ; we to to fighting against the army in this issue to that the reform would & quot ; , says . 
& quot ; or to that we muramos , what that happen first . 
the walls have eyes : how the researchers you are looking in facebook 
before of become in the new face of the extreme right in europe , anders behring breivik was simply another kind that aireaba their points of in line . 
the monday , breivik , who befriended have done a killing in norway in july , that he 77 dead , brigades to their first legal hearing public . 
while breivik can have action only , was far of be only in the ciberespacio : had last the greater part the time that concertation to their attack with to their computer , charlando with some of the million of nationalists that support to the groups of right in social networks . 
after of the tragedy of this summer , the researchers wanted know more about of these people . 
but , how encontrarlas ? 
easy - only you that into in facebook . 
& quot ; we we account of that not was so difficult to to them & quot ; , says jamie bartlett , author main of a report published recently on the populism digital european the centre of british studies let . 
the alijo of personal information of facebook is so , says bartlett , that the researchers could simply use the tool of advertising for determine their characteristics deseadas with a precision scientific - the way that the sellers have state being during years . 
the team of bartlett found half million of fan of the groups of right in whole europe and then them dirigieron announcements , but in place of vincularles to a new bandwidth or product of dieta , the announcements invitaban to the users to complete a survey that he on their level education , attitudes towards the violence and the optimism on their own future . 
the to to through of facebook , bartlett and their colleagues were able of to to more of 10.000 followers of 14 parties of extreme right in 11 european countries - all without out of the office . 
& quot ; is a way completely new of do a research & quot ; , says bartlett . 
some of the results not are the all surprising : the supporters in line of the groups of right tend to be young , men and enfadados the immigration . 
without however , in a kind of issuing , & quot ; those that combined their activismo in line with the activismo outside of line are more reasonable , more democratic and least violent that those that remain behind of the screen the computer & quot ; . 
the work of let is only a example of how facebook is becoming in a new and important tool in hands of the scientists . 
centres of research , researchers doctors and political scientists are being the website for to all , since problems of health to social trends as as consent in the & quot ; i like & quot ; , messages in the walls and dialogues of state . 
with more of 800 million of active users agregando a average of three parts of content the day , the & quot ; supernova of data & quot ; of facebook is formers a booming of the research , pushing the number of academic jobs with the name the website in the title to almost a 800 % in the last five years . 
for some researchers , the beauty of facebook is that you allows to to the people to the that not acercarte with a carpeta in the street . 
& quot ; before , when intentabas encuestar to people the national party british , was very difficult identificarlos . & quot ; 
& quot ; that go to through the party , and them never you creation the access & quot ; , says bartlett . 
& quot ; facebook would all that - you to them directly . & quot ; 
other say that the website could provide a way of identify and address the problems of salud-social . 
a recent study done the doctora megan seaside , of the university of wisconsin-madison and their colleagues , found that the students it that they of their of borrachera in facebook they a risk significantly greater of have problems with the drink that the students that refused in silence on the issue . 
seaside suggests that the colleagues of the students , such as the dispatches residenciales , could control the website and intervene for help to a student that publish too dialogues of state with their binge . 
& quot ; not you try a problem if not what you diagnosticar & quot ; , said guillaume christakis , the co-autor of seaside and director the centre of health , behaviour and development the child in the institute of research child of seattle , said the washington post . 
& quot ; we found a way of identify children in risk that of another way not would diagnosticados . & quot ; 
facebook also is constantly & quot ; pinchando & quot ; to their own population for obtain data . 
the team of data the website has produced statistics on the state of the relationship and the day of st on , the expectation of electoral participation to half the legislative period of 2010 , and a rate of national ( mainly being the information to the that can access - defenders of the freedom digital ago much time that maintain that the website should to to available of other their great amount of data for the research ) . 
without however , the users of facebook know that the website them is looking , them like or not - the sacrificio power playing the scrabble with a friend to thousands of kilometres of distance is allow that the website mine your personal information . 
but what is when the users of facebook spend to be part of a survey that not even know ? 
while that the researchers have guidelines well defined on how up their data outside of line , in line is a free barra for all . 
& quot ; not i that many of the users have considered even in the fact of that a researchers could be examining their profiles & quot ; , says voyager selwyn , a todd the laboratory of knowledge of london , on a study of 2006 that was to out with the public walls of facebook of students . 
& quot ; in what that to them precise , was only between them and their friends . & quot ; 
then is the question of the methodology . 
even outside of line , not there guarantee of that a issue of research this being completely honest . 
in facebook , is impossible know that part of the information the profile of a user and of the messages the wall are truth . 
& quot ; what that dices in facebook and what that pensioner outside of facebook are two things completely different & quot ; , says selwyn . 
is that that , to despite of their years as researchers of the technology , selwyn believe that a sujetapapeles and a are being the best tools of research that nobody can use . 
& quot ; not there substitute for into in the world real and about with the real people & quot ; , says . 
& quot ; the social research is that is on what social - and a lot of what social still is outside of line . & quot ; 
& quot ; cold and inhuman : anders behring breivik ago their first emergence public in the court 
anders behring breivik , the man that be the which of the two attacks that killed to 77 people in norway this summer , has to to same as a combatiente of the & quot ; resistance & quot ; during their first emergence public in the court of oslo . 
& quot ; i a military commander in the movement of resistance norwegian and in the gentlemen templarios of norway & quot ; , said to a full room with 500 people . 
& quot ; i am the court , already that received the mandate of the organisations that support the ideology the hatred and because supports the multiculturalismo . & quot ; 
& quot ; i the facts but not i adjourned guilty . & quot ; 
the judge torkjel nesheim was to breivik during that , because & quot ; not wanted to to breivik the opportunity of use this hearing as a platform for that exprese their points of view & quot ; . 
the same reason refused to allow to breivik , that brought a speech writing with early , address to the family of their victims the end of the hearing . 
nesheim also seizure to the police keep to breivik under custody during 12 more weeks , you faiths the access to the media of communication during four weeks , and said that the authorities should that have a narrower control on all the visits and the correspondencia during eight weeks . 
around of 30 survivors and family of the victims speakers to the hearing . 
some came with the hope of look to breivik to the eyes , other for confirm that is recluido under key . 
all speakers with the aim of move towards the conclusion . 
& quot ; thought that seemed cold and inhuman & quot ; , said a superviviente of utoya to the outlet norway nrk . 
& quot ; was you , but for me was a step forward after of see and hear the suspect . & quot ; 
clothing with a suit dark and shirt blue , breivik remained calmado and professional to what long of the hearing and to the journalists and to the survivors to the eyes when she and went the building . 
to despite of the strange notion of breivik of be part of a movement of & quot ; resistance & quot ; greater , the judge that not is a mental ill , and said that not there evidence of that act with . 
is possible that to some them consuele that the attacks the 22 of july unimaginable be labour of a extremista in place of a group of radical . 
but that not suaviza automatically the pain and the confusion that whole a nation still feel . 
& quot ; i like that prompt a monster , but not what seems & quot ; , said a family of a victim . 
& quot ; would much more easy if what prompt . & quot ; 
7 lessons of the interview delayed of steve jobs , show in a theatre this week 
after the death of steve jobs , the 5 of october , there some that what compararon with henry ford - distinguiendo the out of the technology as the great inventor modern . 
but what that the fan of apple could find more demonstrates , in a interview to jobs recently redescubierta to the that has desempolvado as embargo of a series of special proyecciones in the over markets this week , is how about this mind creativa about of the processes trade and flows of work of the products . 
was without doubt a leather , and hippie autorreconocido , but also was a inflated meticuloso and a yonki of the diagramas of flow - a man that i that many & quot ; a disease that is in think that a great idea is the 90 cent the work ... & # 91 ; but & # 93 ; there a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product . & quot ; 
in 1995 , bob cringely was developing the series of television the triumph of the nerds ( the triunfo of the idiotas ) on the albores the personal computer , and sit during more of a time with jobs for a can and rarely conversation . 
in that time had last barely 10 years since that jobs had been forced to leave of apple , and already working turn in their new company it next , waiting the adoption popular of internet . 
while that a small part of the interview of cringely used in nerds , said that the original of the interview dissolved during their transport . 
was only after of the death of jobs that found a full copy in vhs in the garage the director . 
this material of archive , slightly reeditado , is the basis of steve jobs : the interview delayed , of 68 minutes , that a to the cines landmark this wednesday and thursday . 
for someone known odiar the interviews in depth , jobs here seems surprisingly now to forward their infinite and strategies trade . 
and very pensativo . 
in four different points to what long of the interview , there large silencios between the questions and the answers - of 10 to 15 seconds of reflexiones , where jobs is sopesando clearly their thoughts , for precision . 
also there at in the that the perfeccionismo of jobs its to the surface , where seems impaciente because to the questions of cringely , to go more quickly towards the subjects or arguments of greater importance . 
filmado before of the was of pixar , the ipod or the iphone , there something in the interview delayed , when jobs what that is that other companies do well and , and offers their own vision the future of the it . 
a thing is read assessments of the career of jobs , but there something oil and inspirador in the jobs that see here , the ansioso the on of the greatness . 
he has a vision of as can and must be the things . 
not much after of explicarlo all with detail here , was and what was . 
a quickly short of seven secuencias triumphs of the interview delayed : 
on how to to a business : 
& quot ; to what long of the years in the business , i always he : & quot ; & quot ; what pensioner things ? & quot ; and the answers that you are of invariable way are : & quot ; oh , that is only the way as ago & quot ; . 
nobody know what ago what that ago , in the business nobody think in the things very deeply . 
that is what that i . 
jobs has the detail their efforts for simplify the accounting of apple . 
desconcertado the way in registraban the costs - to often beginning with a & quot ; cost standard & quot ; that was to eye of good cubero , and that then position with a & quot ; one & quot ; - developed a factory automatizada that aseguraba that could determine the costs trade the detail . 
on the joke the pope : 
jobs narra the & quot ; box blue & quot ; that he same was with steve wozniak - a has that did to the hackear people effectively the company telephone and do on to long free distance . 
has writing this about the has , but the euphoria of jobs here the under the box blue as a act of empoderamiento is contagioso . 
describes how he and wozniak probaron the box by the use of a telephone public , doing a call , and then since a network of at & amp ; ts to other , while creaba a bucle with the greater amount of possible satellite . 
& quot ; were envolviendo the things around the world a average dozen of sometimes and gritabas to through the telephone public and readjust a minute more later the telephone public of the door of the on & quot ; , says jobs with a risita . 
& quot ; we young and what that learn was that we build something us ourselves that could control thousands of million of dollars in infrastructure in all the world . & quot ; 
us two , not knew much , but we build a small thing that could control a thing heralded - was a incredible lesson , and not i that never would been apple without it . 
jobs continues describiendo a joke gloriosa that he and wozniak almost wayside , llamando the vatican to through of the box blue in half of the night and requesting about with the pope , while was their better imitation of henry kissinger . 
to measure that several member of the hierarchy catholic were convocados in half of the night for about with the diplomatic us , the two estallaron in fair carcajadas before of that the pope outside foul for go to answer the telephone . 
on enamorarse of the technology ( and the sale telephone with garage hewlett ) : 
to the age of 12 years , to the hunting of parts of spare for build a contador of often , at to garage hewlett in the on telephone and you was a call . 
little after of their conversation telephone of 20 minutes , jobs managed a employment of summer to time this in hewlett-packard . 
& quot ; that was a remarkable influence on me , was the only company that had seen to that age and formed my vision of what that was a company and what well that trataban to their employees . & quot ; 
jobs became after in one of the employees of hp that they the laboratories of research of the company in high palo , where was & quot ; the first computer of table never fact & quot ; . 
was so large as a gdr , had a small screen of tubo , and i of he . 
a journey to hp as girl and lose the time with that machine and programmes for it . 
on improvisar the innovation : 
in several points of the interview , jobs about about of new reinvent products on the . 
soon in their career , already that he to sell a handful of rachinel basis , you asked a client if could they all the team . 
working with only 30 days of credit , had that physically the montaje and the over of the equipment acabados . 
more later , while was in apple , reminds the struggles to the that brigades in the development of a of computer : 
& quot ; i agreement of have dramatic arguments ... i gritaban that be five years & # 91 ; for create a that 300 dollars & # 93 ; , and i and i i outside and i a leather . 
nineties days after , had a that we build 15 dollars and that was completely reliable . 
on the large companies losing force : 
much before of that liderara the you of apple , foresaw the way in that many leaders of the in their vision , and the control of their share of market . 
& quot ; realised that trabajas in ibm or xerox , what that pensioner fotocopiadoras and best impresoras , and what ? & quot ; 
you has the monopoly of the share of market , what that the company not has more success . 
the departments of sales and marketing increase the success , what that are this class of people the that end to the companies and the people peacekeepers of the products are expulsadas the forum for the the of decisions . 
the out of the products that was to that position of monopoly pudre fault of people that not have the notion of good products bad vs products - the knowledge the necessary profession . 
that is what that happened in xerox ... 
xerox could have of whole the industry it . 
could have been ten sometimes their size , could have been the microsoft of the years 90 ... 
were the defeat of the victory . 
on the innovation as expression pablo : 
& quot ; there a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product ... to measure that evoluciona the great idea , changing and overall . & quot ; 
learns much about of the sutilezas of the same . 
there handouts that you that do - some things that not you do that do the electrones , the glass the ago , the robots the do , the factories the do . 
you that keep 5000 things in your which - these concepts - ajustarlos all to the time ... 
the end all reduces the will - worsening to try exponerte to what better that a team of human has fact , and then try of taste these things to the that your you doing . 
pablo said that the good artists copied , the large artists roban . 
never we had shame about of large steal ideas . 
what that in part was large the macintosh was that the people that were working in he were musicians , poetas , artists , , historians , that wrong were the best scientists baggage the world . 
if not outside the it , could be doing things maravillosas in other camps . 
scalia and he cenan with the rival of the law of assistance health while the court on the case 
the day that the court by met to door closed for at the question politically controversial of if the challenge to the law of assistance health the president obama , two of their officers , antonin scalia and clarence he , were agasajados in a dinner patrocinada the signing of lawyers that the case to the high court . 
the occasion was the last thursday , when the nine judges met in a hearing preliminary for to which the petitions of review . 
one of the cases in question was a demand tabled 26 states defiance the reform total of the assistance health adopted the congress the last year , a law that has been a out of war for the activists conservatives in all the country . 
the officers acordaron admit to impossible the demand and , of fact , expected a historic plea of 5 hours and average for march , and the result probably still more the presidential career of 2012 , that will in plenary of in the time in that the decision the court man . 
the lawyer that to the court and that the law must be desechada will probably paul clement , who was as tax general of ee.uu . during the government of orwell w. bush . 
the signing of lawyers of clement , bancroft pllc , was a of the almost two dozens of companies that ayudaron to patrocinar the annual dinner of the society stronghold , a group that has many years dedicated to the defence of the legal principles conservatives . 
other signing that the dinner , jones day , represents to a of the associations trade that the law , the national federation of business independent . 
another patrocinador was the heralded pfizer inc . , that has a huge financial interest in the result the dispute . 
the dinner took in a hotel of washington , hours after of the hearing preliminary the court on the case . 
between the assistants was , between other , mitch mcconnell , the more republicano important in the senate and a maracaibo declared of the law of assistance health . 
the invited special in the dinner ? scalia and he . 
not is new nothing : the two judges have factual state to events of the society stronghold during years . 
and not is something that between in conflict with the ethical rules . 
of fact , the judges are exentos the code of behaviour that applied the actions of the federal officers lower . 
if not what they , could said that under the code canon 4c , that says : & quot ; a judge can attend to events for custom funds of organisations relating with the law and other , although the judge not can be a speaker , a invited of honour , or put in the programme of as event . & quot ; 
without however , the proximidad absolute of scalia and he to two of the bufetes of lawyers in the case , so as to a company with a huge financial interest , was enough for alarmar to the activists of ethical in the government . 
& quot ; this impressive gap of the ethical and fighters towards the code will in against of the demands of several officers that everyone the court the same rules that apply to all the federal judges & quot ; , said fugitive bob , the president of common cause ( common cause ) . 
& quot ; the judges were agasajados in a revenues of funds of by with lawyers that have outstanding cases to the court . & quot ; 
their emergence and assistance in the revenues of funds for this event undermines any demand of impartiality , and is unacceptable . 
scalia and he have shown little interest the criticisms that say that mezclan too easily the activity the court with the agenda impulsada groups as the society stronghold . 
and the wife of he , ginni , is a excel encountered conservative . 
other part , the conservatives argue that is the magistrada elena kagan , the that has a problem relativism , not scalia and he . 
kagan worked as procuradora general of the administration obama when tabled the first legal challenges to the law in the court of first ultimately . 
their critical have preferred for that kagan moumia of see the case , saying that was too involucrada in defend the law as for now be neutral . 
kagan not has given no indication of that what will to do . 
boeing receives a asked record of 18 billion million of dollars 
the emirates calls 50 planes of double frontage boeing 777 , with option to 20 more . 
boeing also sold six planes boeing dreamliner to oman air , a operation valued in more of billion million of dollars . 
rarely time is news when a company this a asked of 50 units of their product . 
but is a great compromise when the company is the manufacturer of planes boeing co. and the price of sale for the 50 planes out to a record of 18 billion million of dollars . 
is so large as the place of where boeing received the order : east half , a mine of gold in growth of future orders of planes . 
in a study given to know the monday , the company of chicago estimated that during the next 20 years the audited in east half will 2.520 planes value 450 billion million of dollars . 
boeing announced during the end of week their asked more large of the history for planes trade their value in dollars - 50 jets boing 777 of double frontage . 
the exitoso asked wine of the emirates in . 
the also has a option for buy 20 more planes , what that rise the price of total sale to 26 billion million of dollars , announced boeing in the scrum of 2011 . 
then , the monday , boeing said that oman air had asked six boeing 787-8s , the called dreamliner , that defeating of a savings of fuel and a services for such passengers . 
the price of sale for six of them is more of billion million of dollars . 
& quot ; this has clearly a huge positive effect for boeing & quot ; , said the superiors of morningstar neal dihora . 
& quot ; the quality of these customers in particular is very strong . & quot ; 
many audited of east half are property of their nations productoras of oil . 
what therefore , not only have the money for pay the planes , but that a increase in the prices the fuel - what general harmful for the lines airlines , because is one of the over costs - not is so harmful , because the country is gaining money with the increase the price the oil . 
that is important because have least back that other audited of cancel or delay the orders of flight when the prices the fuel increase , said dihora . 
& quot ; have a natural protection & quot ; , said . 
the asked of the emiratos solidifica the leadership of boeing in the market of planes of fuselaje wide and aid to keep to raya the attempt of their competitor airbus sas of invade their dominance with the air of passengers a350 . 
the victory of boeing in the annual the air is four months after of that airbus i that was to delay the debut the more large a350 , that competing directly with the 777-300er . 
was the debut for more add momentum after of that the customers exigieran a increase of the burden useful and the senior . 
the actions of boeing subieron a 1,5 % to 67,94 dollars . 
the sister the president of mexico , the appear derrotada in the vote of 
luisa says that the pushers ayudaron to their oponente the pri , fausto vallejo , in the contienda for governor . 
the sister the president felipe seems have lost their candidacy to gobernadora of during the elections the as state , and it said the monday that the pushers ayudaron to take the career in favour of one of their opponents . 
the hypothetical results was the delantera in the career for governor the state western to fausto vallejo , the party institutional revolucionario , or pri . 
& quot ; the intervention the crime organised during all the electoral process and , on all yesterday , is alarming , not only for , but for all the country & quot ; , said luisa in a interview of radio a day after of the vote the sunday . 
& quot ; threatened to our candidates , to our workers election ... apoderaron of the ballot , instalaron barricadas ... and vigil to the people that votara & quot ; to favour the pri . 
the pri period mexico during seven decades to that lost the presidency in 2000 . 
without however , is the we in scene of a return , and the victory in is a important step in that effort . 
the pri has the hope of earn the presidential elections in july . 
vallejo seems have have little for to , who had by the surveys before of the elections . 
, a candidate the conservative party of national action of their brother , or bread , refused to recognise to vallejo as the winner . 
silvano aureoles , the candidate of left the party democratic revolution , or prd , that currently taken the office of governor , became in third place , a great defeat for the left found and desafortunada before of the presidential elections of 2012 . 
aureoles also refused to recognise the hypothetical results . 
vallejo , exalcalde of the capital the state of morelia , refused links with the wishes and resume to the others candidates to accept the results . 
has been during much time by which of the drugs specialised in marijuana , heroin and metanfetaminas . 
is the state home the , and he was for launch a for military intended against the traffickers in december of 2006 . 
without however the violence has persistido . 
a mayor the bread was murdered a week before of the elections while was campaign luisa , and many candidates abandoned the local candidaturas fear . 
although for the pri , unpleasant that unimaginable the elections of , a victory will to promote the party . 
the man that is the pri in the presidential elections , casas grandson , talking since washington , to vallejo and said : & quot ; i that this victory should be very alentadora , of face the next year & quot ; . 
the basd encouraged to asia to help to rescue to the eurozona 
the asian bank of development ( basd ) has fact a call to india and to china for that preparen for help to rescue to the eurozona of their crisis of debt sovereign for avoid a recession to long term that rushing the growth of the economies . 
rajat nag , general director the asian bank of development with headquarters in manila , said that the two large economies of more growth quickly the world they that & quot ; do all what possible & quot ; for speed the recovery the economic bloc already outside to through the fund international monetary or directly to through of bilateral agreements . 
warned against the bric & # 91 ; brazil , russia , india , china & # 93 ; countries that there the difficulties of europe of a way & quot ; neutral & quot ; and said that the financial assistance of asia with with the leadership and european resources to avoid a crisis to long term in the global economy . 
& quot ; we all together in this . & quot ; 
& quot ; so that who that can help to europe to out of the crisis is useful & quot ; , said the financial times in a interview in the framework the economic forum world in bombay . 
& quot ; asia can be protegida in certain measure , but not can be gradual . & quot ; 
& quot ; so that if china and india can help , that be all the media . & quot ; 
the union monetary european has seen severely undermined a crisis of debt sovereign in the last months . 
in the last days , the costs of indebtedness of italy have bells peligrosamente and the first ministers of italy and greece have dimitido . 
the current crisis of the debt sovereign in europe has increased the fears of that could force to the economy world to the recession and has led on for that the main economies emerging join for help to the eurozona to find a solution . 
the mr nag snowfalls that any support of asia to through the imf , but said that the bilateral assistance - as the buying of the bonds the fund of rescue of the eu , the fund european of financial stability - themselves a greater power of negotiating for the asian partners of europe . 
anand sharma , minister indian of trade , said that & quot ; the india will to do all what possible & quot ; for help to the eurozona already that their own economy now was suffering the fall of the exports and the advent of the tickets of capital abroad . 
& quot ; nobody to that the eurozona sure being inestable and turbulenta & quot ; , said . 
& quot ; we challenges monumentales and we that keep a high level of growth . & quot ; 
& quot ; not is a option , is a imperativo , because where we employment for tens of million of our young men and women . & quot ; 
other argue that the economies in development as india not have responsibility in help to the european rich when face to their own and profound economic problems . 
ashutosh varshney , professor of the university of exchequer in the ee.uu . , said that would politically very difficult sell the aid to europe for the billion million boat billion people of the india , of the which to 800 million live with close of 2 dollars the day or least . 
& quot ; in some time ending account of that the greeks jubilan to the age of 50 years and will of holiday to the beaches and that not well & quot ; , said . 
reads howell , director managing the economic forum world , also asked what the reserves of the india be use for keep to the many and well populated workers the sector public greek , in jobs of work of companies administradas , and generadoras of losses as the railways . 
the mr nag said that the crisis of the eurozona threat with & quot ; important effects in chain & quot ; whole asia . 
the prognosis the asian bank of development the 7,5 cent of economic growth in asia for 2011 / 12 faces now to the & quot ; risks to the low & quot ; because to the threat of europe . 
said that the vulnerable markets emerging abolished do & quot ; plans of contingencia & quot ; for itself of a crisis and meaningful through of capital of their economies . 
serious avisos the pentagon about of the possible cuts in defence 
the secretary of defence , was panetta , the congress the monday , advirtiendo that the cuts banknote of budget that avecinan could undermining the national security and to a financial reaction in chain since the corridors the pentagon , to the camps of battle of afghanistan , to the chains of montaje civil . 
the pentagon already is digiriendo the 450 billion million of dollars of tries to what long of the next the , but now afraid a additional reduction of 600 billion million or more in cuts that can be spelling if the congress not manages to to a agreement on the expenditure . 
& quot ; the impact of these cuts would devastating for the department & quot ; , said panetta in a letter to the senadores john mccain , republicano coldest , and lindsey graham , republicano carolina the southern . 
said that the failure the congress for to to a agreement on the budget and their result , the called & quot ; hostages & quot ; , fico place to a 23 cent of global tries and a high to many new projects . 
& quot ; a cut so large , applied of this way indiscriminada , would that the greater part of our projects sonars and of construction not be result - not can buy three cuartas parties of a ship or a building - and damage seriously other efforts of modernisation & quot ; , wrote panetta to the senadores . 
& quot ; also we forced to apartar to many of our officials civil of way involuntaria and , because to that the reduction with so quickly , is almost sure that we that licenciar civil with the end of to the aim . & quot ; 
& quot ; these the faith with those that are our army and seriously the good available . & quot ; 
the cuts with the to the troops of combat , said panetta . 
& quot ; if well the funding for times of war in the accounts of operations of contingencia in overseas not is directly affected the hostages , the efforts of the war would affected adversely the serious their in the budgets of basis & quot ; , warned panetta . 
& quot ; the procurement of personal , what that would to delays in the contracts and the supervision the contract that supports the war . & quot ; 
& quot ; the personal in , giving place to delays in the payments to the suppliers in time of war , and the legal support and political would cut . & quot ; 
the two senadores had writing to panetta ago 10 days , asking information on the possible impact of the cuts banknote in the department of defence . 
& quot ; the result of a hostages in the department of defence would a quickly decline of the states united as main military power the world . & quot ; 
& quot ; we strongly in against of this action draconiana & quot ; , said the senadores in a release whole the later the monday when publicaron the letter of panetta . 
& quot ; this not is a result with the that can live , and certainly not is one that we impose to us ourselves . & quot ; 
& quot ; the hostages is a threat for the interests of the national security of the states united , and not must allow that happen . & quot ; 
if the letter of panetta and the recent warnings of the senadores will the pressure for a compromise budgetary or scrupulously the on for eximir the pentagon of the cuts is see . 
panetta has been every more time very on the possible cuts , to despite of that came to a work in the top the pentagon with years of experience in budgets in the congress and the home white and sabiendo that enfrentaba to decisions difficult . 
in a conference of press the last week , the secretary of defence a picture sombre of what that could be front - a army with a concha , but not a nucleus . 
& quot ; is a ship without sailors . & quot ; 
& quot ; is a brigade without balas . & quot ; 
& quot ; is a arrived airline without enough pilots marines . & quot ; 
& quot ; is a tiger of role , a army of cuarteles , buildings and bombs without enough soldiers prepared for to the mission & quot ; , said panetta in their words of opening in the pentagon . 
& quot ; is a force that suffering the low moral , the preparation inadequate and not is capable of be the day with the potential adversaries . & quot ; 
& quot ; in effect , foot to the aggression ... & quot ; 
in a to their letters to mccain and graham , panetta new enuncia details of how the tries & quot ; important generate operational risks : too in the time of answer to the crisis , conflicts and disasters ; limited severamente our capacity of be you and committed is in all the world ; and is a unacceptable risk in future operations of combat . & quot ; 
and panetta said that some of the over projects of defence could with the hacha , including those that already are probando and some only in the first stages of the planning . 
this list includes the air of combat f35 ventures strike fighter , a new bombardero to , the submarino of new generation , the new ship of combat shallow and the new an of combat in land that the army and the marina need keen , the humvee . 
stop the development and the additional evidence the f35 could generate a 80 billion million of dollars in obscure to what long of 10 years , but their supporters say that is the next step vital for improve and with the potential threats of china and other rival . 
as detect a lie 
a issue to the more headlines recent we that med serious and curse are the deception and the lie in the life daily . 
the presidential candidate republicano herman cain is he intercambiando accusations of sexual harassment with several women ; every part accused of lie to the other . 
the administrators of the university state of pennsylvania have been accused of perjurio supposed conceal reports that were that a you of football withdrawn was agrediendo sexually to children . 
the last week , the president french , santa sarkozy , was & quot ; pillado & quot ; with a open microphone saying the president of ee.uu . , barack obama , that the first minister israeli benjamin netanyahu is a do . 
lie has destroyed to and convulsionado countries . 
the new congresista york and exhibicionista in internet , anthony weiner , was the ourselves with their desmentidos quickly rebatidos the irrefutable test . 
the former presidential candidate john edwards has been accused of breaches in the funding of the campaign relating with the encubrimiento of a relationship extramatrimonial . 
and , of new , nobody that what viviera never the circus up the president garage clinton the lie during their second mandate about of their sexual relationship with lewinsky . 
are very extendidas the myths on the traps in the examinations of the school and the university . 
have given cases in the that the teachers have given the answers of the examinations to the students with the end of be better seen in their assessments of performance . 
mentores that should be what contrary are sending the message of that lie and is are tonnage . 
how deception we we ? 
in a day who , the studies show that you can lie in any place of 10 to 200 sometimes . 
that sure , many of these lies are lies piadosas . 
another study was that the three sometimes in the first 10 minutes of conocerse . 
detect lies , or & quot ; the which of lies & quot ; , is a as essential that we acquire all , reasons therefore personal as professionals . 
far of be a game of table similar to , example , charada , where the aim is exclamar : & quot ; you i & quot ; , the detection the deception is a an the serious knowledge based in data scientists results during the last six decades in prestigiosas universities that held projects of research in depth , especially in and . 
one of the results of the research is that the old mitos about of the lie have been rebatidos . 
the mentirosos who to the eyes . 
not always tartamudean , balbucean , ruborizan or inquietan . 
not can conclude not that the mentirosos are difficult of detect or unmasked . 
a detector of lies trained can to to the truth lesson about of the structure of the declaration , the expresiones microfaciales , the training of questions and the times . 
i several years sondeando the descubrimientos scientists on the deception in the spectre and always shining body the knowledge , and was clear that the detection the deception is a technical modern that is easy of learn and aid to foe our complex world - especially if their responsibilities professionals include the procurement , interviews , or the management of negotiations . 
the good mentirosos have the as of read well to the others , precise feel to will , manejando their own emotion and sintiendo of way intuitiva how the were the others . 
know the research that the extrovertidos mienten more that the introvertidos , that the men say more & quot ; lies win towards ourselves & quot ; , while that the women say more lies & quot ; win towards the others & quot ; -- normally for protect the feelings of someone -- that the people married mienten least emotionally to their partners that the people that not are married ( but the lies that usually say tend to be & quot ; enormous & quot ; ) . 
also know that if you is insightful as a malhechor , the least ourselves the mentirle . 
how know if someone is mintiendo ? 
first , rescindable the behaviour her the taxed . 
this is & quot ; create a line of basis & quot ; . 
aid to provide points of reference for measure after the changes . 
rescindable the position the taxed , risa and feature blues . 
is better that will if someone normally golpetea with the ordinary all the time for not do accusations upon when you see the feet golpeteando in half of the meeting . 
to continuation , busque groups of behaviour dull , verbales and not verbales . 
unpleasant to these groups of behaviour as signals of alarm , not as test of deception . 
the people that con can freeze the higher part the body the try of remember their history , can emphasized their feet towards the door , inclinarse towards a an , change their position of way significantly or exhibir a & quot ; desahogo postentrevista & quot ; -- that overstating suspiro of alivio and change of position a time that all the questions difficult have over . 
to often the interrogadores do see falsamente that the interview has over only for to that alivio postentrevista . 
also happening attention the vocabulary the taxed . 
scott peterson the pata to the fund and the last time while tenders that their wife murdered was viva , lanzando a search of it to level national . 
the people that con also can use a language distanciador : & quot ; not i sexual relations with that woman ... the lewinsky & quot ; or repeat a question difficult accomplished . 
the indicators verbales more common are sutiles . 
someone can use a lot of & quot ; language been & quot ; when says to a question difficult : & quot ; good ... to say truth ... to what that i ... to my understand . & quot ; 
this ago that the answer be a in place of a fact and is to often a signal of warning . 
not there no formula for detect lies , but develop skills for be the deception is possible . 
these skills will the possibilities of who for avoid be victimizados the artists of the mischief in their lives professionals and personal . 
the controversial plan the oleoducto departed after the threat the delay of ee.uu . in their adoption 
days after of that the administration of obama amenazara with delay the adoption of a oleoducto planned since canada to the gulf of mexico -- enfureciendo to the trade , while apaciguaba to the forgers -- the company that search build the oleoducto says that is ready to redirigir the project for to to encaminarlo . 
transcanada said the monday the night that the oleoducto planned outside the area environmentally sensitive of sandhills in nebraska , and responding in that the project going the adoption . 
the company announced the decision in the conference of press in the capitolio of nebraska . 
the directivo of transcanada , alex pourbax , says that the company in their confidence in that with the time the oleoducto be approved , if well is true that with a route different . 
this next after the announcement the last week part the department of state of that the decision a federal permit for the project to that new estudien potential routes that eviten the areas of sandhills of nebraska and the ogallala , a spectre supply of unofficial water . 
& quot ; this is a real way of progress & quot ; , said the representative reads terry , republicano of nebraska , to fox news . 
the new environmental review ordenada the department of state is possible that apart any decision to 2013 , after of the elections the next year , although the officials refused that the policy as envuelta in the decision . 
obama , in a declaration written the last week , described the decision as the request the department of state , and them expressed all their support . 
the oleoducto , of 1.700 kilometres since canada to the gulf of mexico . 
would 700.000 pour day of the province of alberta to the refineries in texas . 
for this , would necessary that cruzara six states . 
is odiado the forgers , but amado the groups of work , that have apostado the estimate of 20.000 jobs of work with the oleoducto . 
but the legislators of nebraska opuestos the plan are sopesando the legislation for force a alejamiento of the region of sandhills and the ogallala , the greater source of water clean and of irrigation . 
the study of environmental impact current the department of state found that the project only give environmental impactos adversos limited , but the source of the industry energy said that the inspector general the department has put a test independent the process of review , on in two issues . 
a is if the member the lobby but transcanada , paul elliot , that was advisory of campaign of hillary clinton in 2008 , represents a conflict of interests for the programme . 
the other is if a signing that was contratada for to the original study was a sexual election because was on to transcanada . 
patti labelle demandada supposed to that a child vomitara of fear 
a family of new york says that the diva of the music disco , patti labelle , as a loca in the reel of their building of manhattan , aterrando to their small daughter to the point of that of fear . 
the tirade of the as of & quot ; lady marmalade & quot ; to genevieve monk , of 18 months of age , therefore that was & quot ; changes of status , their the dream & quot ; and & quot ; increased their fear to the strangers & quot ; , says their family in the court by of manhattan . 
was the 10 of november the last year when the tramoyista kevin monk , their wife , roseanna , teacher of garden of childhood , and genevieve were about for go to a journey family . 
while kevin monk the car , roseanna monk bowed the reel the building the riverside boulevard , with their luggage , moment to genevieve . 
roseanna monk said that stopped close of the door and it to their daughter in the soil a time . 
& quot ; someone behind and i said , & quot ; know what that is doing your daughter ? & apos ; you i & quot ; & apos ; and i to cogerla & quot ; , said . 
labelle enfadada to the woman unmarried . 
& quot ; said in a discern persists , & quot ; not should have left to their daughter close of the door & quot ; , said roseanna monk . 
& quot ; you i , & quot ; not i no interest in what that you fairly or time & quot ; . 
malcolm and started to use poor words - the word c and the word j in high voice ... 
had a bottleneck of water and began to throwing the water of the bottleneck on me . & quot ; 
said that genevieve it . 
& quot ; you i to this woman , & quot ; beggar what that you olivier fact to my daughter & quot ; , said the mother of the girl . 
labelle on the mother -- that still sujetaba to genevieve -- and had that be contained their environment and withdrawal to a car that the than , said roseanna monk . 
the small was who so strong that , manner . 
more later , the family sent a note asking a excuses of labelle , but not successful answer . 
the lawyer and the representatives of labelle not devolvieron the on for comment what happened . 
the demand search damage not especificados , but the lawyer of the family , sam david , said that by the case of free way and that the family planning donate all the money that successful to a partnership of support to the children with cancer . 
& quot ; the purpose is do to patti labelle responsible of their behaviour & quot ; , said david . 
& quot ; that kind of behaviour is completely unacceptable , especially when at to a masterpiece of garden of childhood that has in sit to a child of 18 months of age . & quot ; 
adversidad climate the economy 
during the first year of management of oxide valdez , in sinaloa has increased the unemployment and the informalidad , bowed the foreign investment and dhs the economy 
the 2011 is a year that will are in the economic history of sinaloa , is the first year of government of oxide valdez , autodenominado the change , that resounding large expectations regard to the progress in the economy , but is the adversidad climate of beginning of year , not noticeable growth , in change with a deterioration in the main indicators of economic development . 
the in temperatures of february , also of published millonarias losses for the agricultural sector , constrained the possibilities of the economy state for grow , causaron a of the economic activity in general of 3.6 cent in the first six the year , justified mainly the historic fall of 31.16 cent in the agriculture , that back the dynamism of the other economic sectors . 
of agreement the reporte of afectaciones the frost , we the council mexican for the rural development sustentable , had damage in 582 billion 835 hectares cultivadas , of the which the 78.03 cent experienced damage total and the other 21.07 cent had damage this , the main crops siniestrados were the of vegetables , maize and garbanzo . 
the fall in the economic activity has led , to november , a increase constant the unemployment in the state , according the national institute of impracticable and by the rate of state during the three first continuation the year observed a growth accelerated , already that while of january to march 55 billion 053 sinaloenses were desocupados , with a rate of 4.53 cent of the population economically active , for the second quarter the rate happened to be 5.28 cent , and between july and september the average she leads to 6.19 cent , a rate that in number of people arroja to more of 74 billion sinaloenses unemployed , a increase regard the first six of 18 billion 969 individuals . 
less liquidity 
the unemployment in sinaloa during the year is multifactorial , for the gari gerardo oxide quixote , director of the faculty of economic sciences and social of the uas , the growth of the can explain indirectly , in role of the actions that since the policy public have done . 
& quot ; what that is watching is a growth the unemployment that has that see with several factors , between them the loss of liquidity in the market effects of a restriction of resources the legislation that adopted in the congress for combat the laundering of money , already for the people that agarra dollars of way coastlines not you is easy that the work , the participate and the now in something & quot ; , expressed . 
migration arrested 
oxide quixote pointed that in the increase in the unemployment there also a demographic factor . 
& quot ; the number of people that will the state in search of work in the abroad , in states united has restricted , first the difficulties for into , and second because their already have also many difficulties for find work , that people is being and is demandando sources of work here in the state , what that ago that the unemployment rises & quot ; , manifested . 
informalidad 
the analysis the market labour sinaloense agrava the be the high level of informalidad that satisfy between the conditions of work , according the inegi , 60.38 cent of the population occupied in the state working without be cotizando as worker to no institution of social security . 
aunado the unemployment and informalidad , another of the rezagos labour the state are the wages netherlands , the entity has the more remuneraciones in the country , of agreement to the records the institute mexican the social sure and the the work and social foresight . 
the from monthly average of the workers sinaloenses was , to september , 5 billion 352 lightweights , very below the national average , as in 7 billion 375 lightweights . 
of ied 
aunado to the fall of the economic activity and the increase in the unemployment , during 2011 with the greater in of the foreign investment direct of the last 10 years , according the of economy of january to june of the ied state 630 billion 697 dollars , what that represents a fall of 87.74 cent regard to the 5 million 143 billion 312 dollars registered during the same period the previous year . 
their part , the of economic development the government state contabiliza a investment total of 17 billion 280 million of lightweights in the year , swordfish mainly of companies the sector terciario . 
the debt 
to the stage of economic , the government the state which in july the congress state the adoption of a credit 3 billion million of lightweights , ourselves that would for the investment in projects of infrastructure in the 18 municipalities , with the to of reactivar the economy , the adoption the local congress was a monto of 2 billion 600 million of lightweights , and to november not have seen the profits the indebtedness in no sector of the economy state . 
reactions 
for representatives the sector business , the first year of government of oxide of shows of a lack of capacity of management the government . 
miguel loredo oxide , president of the national house of the industry of the transformation , expressed that during 2011 command of the harmonisation of voluntades of the different sectors , including the own government the state . 
& quot ; the every of the economy in sinaloa during this year has been really very poor , there that work turn for to the ground that miscarriages in this year , in the 2012 we that redoblar efforts , wilfully alinear the effort of all and on all the good already sincronizada of this new team of government , we that the next year be much better & quot ; , expressed . 
long economic 
loredo oxide manifested that events as the frost of principles of year her the economy state and restringieron their every and growth . 
& quot ; the under economic flow is product of several events , between them the frost , one of the main effects has been a ungenerous economy that not back what enough quickly for generate a economic dynamism that to have a acceptable level of flow in the processes , products and services and what therefore , the end the year we closing very below of the expectations that we & quot ; , mentioned . 
redefinir 
for teodoro salazar uriarte , president of the patronal confederation of the republic mexican in sinaloa , manifested that required encausar the state towards activities productive of greater dynamism . 
& quot ; in general terms we seen that has state working , us we that is necessary develop a programme of long term in the that redefina the and the one economic the state , because is important that detone all the potential the appeal material and human that has sinaloa & quot ; , said . 
work do 
the president of the coparmex skills the importance of establish a vision of future that better encauce the efforts the government . 
& quot ; in general terms i would that the government has state practice to good results in various areas , in on of economic development there some progress but is important that will a programme to long term & quot ; , manifested . 
pointed that the current administration has shown progress in their way of drive the policy public . 
& quot ; there elements that it say that the government is being more incluyente , i what that i say is that there work fact and i that the government is aware of that there work do & quot ; , expressed . 
what from 8 kgs of mariguana 
to five years of prison and 100 days of fined was convicted a neighbour of navolato the possession of eight double of mariguana . 
the general of the republic informed that the narcomenudista convicted is omar alexis valenzuela sandoval , the crime of against the health , in their there of possession of mariguana with for of trade . 
of agreement with the considered ap / without / cln / 687 / 2010 / m-i , valenzuela sandoval was arrested elements the army mexican , the day 7 of of june of 2010 , in a operational of surveillance on the street cipriano valdez , with the poste 80 , in the populated the castle , navolato . 
the narcomenudista circulaba in a camioneta kind pick up , colour white , where was a exchange colour black in the box the an and in the asiento the copiloto a small bag , where the military found eight plutonium 23 grammes of marijuana . 
such for , what asegurado became to available the second judge of district and the convicted continues internal in the centre of execution of the legal consequences the crime . 
must contributions for works 
the works of social nature provided in programmes as habitat , rescue of public areas and 3x1 for who are in risk of not be concluidos or of have serious delays because to the lack of economic resources , pointed miguel angel oxide miranda . 
the director of social development municipal pressed that if well to now the programmes of labour have progress , are in risk the not have they the government the state with the contributions that you for the which fallen a appeal higher to the 11 million of lightweights in the three programmes . 
pointed that in total the investment in these three programmes is of almost 50 million of lightweights , of the which the state is the 25 cent and that to now only the federation and the prayer have great resources for the works , what that the possible delay in the conclusion of these ago existing . 
& quot ; are almost 12 million what that them it to and to despite of that the year is i not we have given not a fifth , when since july debieron give a part & quot ; , expressed , & quot ; us for not retrasarnos we on the works and will very per , but we ago lack the money & quot ; . 
mentioned that the last year , in the administration of jesus aguilar padilla , the state not properly with the contributions that them , what that the beginning of the administration the prayer had that apply a credit for cover the region of 7 million that not in that occasion the administration state . 
& quot ; already we happened in the previous sexenio because the state not had the economic capacity for participate and the programmes trialogues cheer , and this year us for power access to these programmes had that to the resources for cover what that he outstanding the state & quot ; , . 
despite to that there the compromise of the authorities state for to with the over of these resources , a that has fact the request the secretary of administration and finance , armando villarreal , of apresurar the should for that the rates that them for come what before possible . 
& quot ; are almost 12 million what that them it to and to despite of that the year is i not we have given not a fifth & quot ; . 
court valida & quot ; power & quot ; in mexico in the 2015 
the alternative of digital is one of the more changes important that has suffered the world in the last years 
the by court of justice of the nation ( scjn ) rejected the constitutional controversy that interpusieron the senate and the house of members in against the presidential decree that adelanta the called & quot ; power & quot ; of 2021 to 2015 , the not meet the eight necessary votes for invalidarlo . 
a minority of four ministers , including the president of the court , john silva meza , was that the president felipe not in their atribuciones the such the decree that set the actions to to for into the transition to the television digital earth . 
with that result , the constitutional controversy promovida the senate of the republic , was desestimada not achieve the majority dregs of eight votes for that the court pronunciara on the being or inconstitucionalidad the decree , and this is existing . 
the project of judgment , produced the minister olga lion , proposed on inconstitucional the decree , because to that the regulation of the areas of radio and television is a faculty circumspect law to the federal commission of telecommunications ( cofetel ) , in of the principles of and of reserve of law . 
to favour the project voted only , borg pardo , margarita moon and the own lion . 
with this argument , therefore the senate as the house of members promovieron two controversy constitutional for impugnar the decree , and the admit the demands , the minister lion suspended the implementation the decree and of all the actions in he willing for the transition digital . 
the plenary of ministers vihear underestimating also the demand interpuesta the house of members , without into to the discussion the project , also to office of the minister lion . 
in their intervention , the minister president said not coincide with the arguments the project , in the sense of that the federal executive not can estructurar to through of general rules the measures for that the administration public prepare . 
& quot ; not i that if what done the autonomy the body regulator & quot ; , and reminded that the of public policies in strategic areas as the sector of telecommunications for the executive federal , who has mandate constitutional , the the state . 
the alternative of digital is one of the more changes important that has suffered the world in the last years , and translates in a better aprovechamiento the spectrum make , a better quality of the signal and more channels . 
postponed the change , affirmed , would postergar the profits of the unlock , that means a decision of public interest , that not has only a technical dimension , & quot ; therefore of economic issues , social , policies and of national security & quot ; . 
these issues , skills , & quot ; demand the operation of all the system established , with the principle of economic the state , engloba a group of atribuciones that the constitution leads to the faculty the executive state & quot ; . 
reminded that a great number of countries in all the world has completed already the transition digital , and what has fact to through the executive , despite to have with technical organs they specialised . 
not can conclude that the executive , the such the decree uncontested , that invada in any way the sphere of powers the congress , therefore is insurer in the administrative sphere the jeopardise of the laws emitidas the legislative , assured . 
you possibility of a conteo & quot ; vote vote & quot ; in 
of agreement with the data slag the prep the difference between first and second place of the election of governor is of hardly 27 cent , still without contabilizarse the votes appropriate to 879 of the 6 billion 74 total agendas . 
the possibility the conteo & quot ; vote vote & quot ; is a reality in what that concerns the electoral process of this year in , where of agreement with the data slag the programme of results hypothetical election ( prep ) the difference between first and second place of the election of governor is of hardly 27 cent , still without contabilizarse the votes appropriate to 879 of the 6 billion 74 total agendas . 
the regard , the president the council general the electoral institute of ( iem ) , of the llanderal angels zaragoza , reminded that ago a days , hardly the last 9 of november , the electoral body adopted a series of lineamientos with the end of harmonisation the local rules with the federal reform in on electoral . 
as , not their constitution policy not their electoral code the state or their law of electoral justice , whole time that the congress the state adopted the reforms little before of conclude the legal term for that so into in force in the present electoral process and the governor leonel godoy beatriz their publication in the deadlines billion in the law the newspaper official the state , with the argument of that had some concerns . 
the same 9 of november , the by court of justice of the nation ( scjn ) vihear the constitutional controversy promovida the legislative power local and as as & quot ; and illegal & quot ; the vote the event state to the constitutional reforms , whole time that not has right of & quot ; sancionarlas or vetarlas & quot ; . 
entrevistada in about to the possibility the & quot ; vote vote & quot ; , of the llanderal angels an that thank to the adoption of the lineamientos appropriate part the council general the iem will possible the realisation of recuentos scrappy and total of the vote part the electoral body local . 
of that way , the were this of votes , of one or more packages election , will be in the supposed of that : the results of the agendas not coincidan ; not there the acta of polling and in the considered of the casilla or not obre in power the president of the same ; or , when there errors or obvious alteraciones of the agendas . 
also , the were total of the vote by in all the skilled of the election will take when there sign of that the difference between the candidate alleged winner of the election of that involved and the that has successful the second place in the vote , is as or less to a point closed ; always and when the beginning of the session there the request expressed the representative the party and / or coalition that the second of the candidates . 
the were total of the vote also will take if the i the ordinario for that the difference between the candidate presuntamente winner and the as in second place is as or less to a point closed , always and when there the request expressed the representative the political party whose candidate became in second place , case in the which the packages election that have been subject of were this . 
be mention that in this situation is the election of morelia , where of agreement with the prep the difference between the first and the second place is of hardly the 0.16 cent , although without reconstructing the votes of 129 of the 923 total agendas . 
their last will 
their cenizas will esparcidas in the sierra of , confirms the family . 
the remains the pilot felipe bacio arribaron to saltillo , their city home , this sunday the night , during the monday were to out reconocimientos and a i of . 
according their family the last will the messages colonel was that their cenizas like esparcidas in the sierra of . 
after of receive a tribute the on of the other people fallecidas in the accident , the family of bacio came to the capital of coahuila to board of a aeronave of the force airline mexican , the more people allegadas speakers to the ceremony in the field mars . 
to the twelve the at the cenizas the messages colonel arribaron the capilla of within on the bulevar nazario ortiz garza , to where were down family and friends . 
to the 5 : 30 of the later you a recognition in the technological institute of saltillo organised their former colleagues the technological bachillerato and the team of american football , the which formed part felipe bacio during their preparation of bachillerato . 
& quot ; their will was that return to saltillo and that their cenizas like esparcidas in the sierra of , always what manifested so to their family and to their friends & quot ; , this what was to know sandra bacio sister the pilot . 
for it , the messages colonel had they all their dreams , as that was in the plenitud of their life , & quot ; was a man exitoso , so as father , as son , a brother amoroso and the outstanding of their family & quot ; . 
felipe bacio went very young of the city of saltillo for imply the school the air in , jalisco . 
some not what because were that even mareaba in the crash ; without however , always at to their dream of become in pilot . 
their sobrino borg alberto bacio what reminds as a very good person , & quot ; hardly was in saltillo whole the family we saludarlo , as the occasion in that brought to martha to saltillo & quot ; . 
the young reminds that even when had with seven years of age was to for the of their family , that know that their died doing what that more you he in the life : pilotear a aeronave . 
you are the last goodbye 
with was contractor the messages colonel of the force airline mexican , felipe bacio , in tribute that the governor borg torres oxide , and that you capitulated people and government the state , the faction mexican , to through of the sexta military area , the own force airline mexican , superiors and students the technological of saltillo , where in 1985 and skills therefore in the study as in the sport . 
bacio , died in automatic days the desplomarse the hawk that the piloteaba , with with the secretary of , which blake mora , and six more people , all officials of that on . 
to the 18 : 05 hours came the remains the saltillense bacio ( cremados ) , for be automobile the funeraria to member of the force airline mexican , encabezados the greater jaime lurks , in the on the plantel , where already was expected their family , between them their daughter amanda and their wife cristina , their mother , brothers and others kin , students and teachers . 
localizan three bodies ruins in finca of cadereyta nl 
hours before the headlines , the military authority presented to the media of communication to eleven people that were being in the same municipalidad crimes related the crime organised . 
three men were quite killed to balazos in different parties the body and with the away of grace , in a finca abandoned the prayer of cadereyta , new was . 
the headlines happened in the for 1.5 of the road of cadereyta to santiago , to the level of the community known as the castle . 
several people that their the place observed that in the fifth , whose barda is colour beige with coffee , was the open of couple in couple . 
the look towards the internal , to a three metres , localizaron the bodies of three people , what that of immediately was explain to the authorities appropriate . 
one of the individuals most playera with shorts of mezclilla dark , without footwear ; to their on was another with playera of tirantes white . 
to small a metre was the body of another individual with playera red and shorts of mezclilla blue . 
the three who their from . 
of agreement to the data results in the place , the three people would been murdered in another place , already that not found casquillos in the website . 
in the barda of the fifth aprecian myths that will targeted of a group of the crime organised towards another , also of several orificios of bullet in the same and the . 
dover to 11 in cadereyta 
the of the national defence was the presentation of 11 people , between them a less of age , who were part of a group misuse that operaba mainly in the prayer of cadereyta and to who them linked with secuestros , homicidios , & quot ; halconeo & quot ; and inhumaciones clandestinas . 
according the information is to know , in a first fact the day 11 of november in the cologne the alveros were being eight people and in rescue to a that private of their freedom . 
to them them aseguraron three they and a celular ; said be those the group criminal the & quot ; the zetas & quot ; . 
in another fact happened the 12 of november to the 06 : 00 hours , personal military was a way of surveillance in the populated old rancho , in cadereyta , detectando a prosecution without rachinel and with two will to board . 
the marcarles the high and to the inspection , the military found a weapon long , a charger and 18 cartuchos . 
subsequently and after these statements , the 13 of november to the 14 : 00 hours clamped to one of their in the ejido the frauda , who the see to the military tried be to the flight . 
them you some inhumaciones clandestinas in the municipalities of general , china and cadereyta . 
the wednesday the new italian government 
the he first minister , monti , morning with the president of italy for present the new government that facing to a crisis that has was to that country the on the economic disaster 
the he first minister italian , monti , the wednesday with the president of italy for present the new government that facing to a crisis that has was to italy the on the economic disaster and has since in danger whole the eurozona . 
a release the presidential palacio announced that monti , appointed the sunday , the wednesday with the president , establishing napolitano , for confirm that can be a government . 
expected that present a gabinete up in their majority technocrats , although not is clear when will the office the new executive . 
monti said that will the president the result of their discussions with the political parties in their attempt be a government . 
& quot ; i confirm my absolute confidence in the capacity of our country of overcome this difficult stage & quot ; , said the former european commissioner to journalists . 
monti not said of way explicitly that will be a government but the discern of their comments indicaron that the obstacles have overcome . 
the & quot ; framework is now well delineado & quot ; , manner . 
monti has completed the process of be a government in least of three days , much least of what normal , while italy combat a crisis policy and financial that has perceptive the costs of their debt to levels insostenibles . 
the new administration intended the former european commissioner monti must approve a hard package of austerity seventeen the leaders european for to the severe confidence in italy . 
subrayando the pressure on monti for that given haste , the instability of the markets startling the performance of the italian bonds btp to 10 years above of 7 cent , the level in the that greece and ireland were forced to be rescatadas . 
emma marcegaglia , leader of the patronal italian confindustria , said to the press after meet with monti : & quot ; said that thrust much to this government & quot ; . 
we that this government is the last opportunity for that italy it of this situation of emergency . 
the possibilities of success of monti were impulsadas of considerable way the from the party pdl of illiberal illiberal , to who the crisis forced to resign the saturday . 
& quot ; we that the efforts the professor monti are for to have a good result & quot ; , said to the press angelino alfano , secretary the party of centroderecha . 
the support the pdl , the greater party of italy , is significant because to now many of their member had theories the government of majority that is its monti . 
support parliamentary 
the new government of monti must have a strong support parliamentary for apply what that probably will impopulares reforms of austerity . 
any deadlock or delay in their efforts could to a new and devastating attack of the financial markets . 
the partnership italian of foreign banks to the pressure the note that a failure of monti would a disaster . 
monti set the monday their consultations with political parties , trade and groups business , so as with organisations youth and of women . 
will end to their round of meetings the tuesday the night . 
monti was appointed the sunday napolitano , that has habilitado a transition extremely fast in answer to the crisis . 
after a brief breathing to end of the last week , when became clear that illiberal , the costs of the debt italian have again now to critical levels between the uncertainty on if the new first minister will success . 
rescue to italy , with a debt public of 1.8 billion of eur , would too for the have financial current of the eurozona . 
monti has said that their government should last to the next elections , will for 2013 , despite to the predictions for on that the political only you ending time to apply the reforms before of adelantar the elections . 
monti has said that you like include political in their gabinete , but the large parties insisten in that must be have only technical , a sign of their reparos to a process forced the financial pressure . 
sources signal policies that the mutual desconfianzas and the disagreements for the parties are complicando the attempt of include figures policies . 
the roce of the spaniards is higher the of the ticos 
of the 22 futbolistas called of spain , ten rebasan the 50 international games . 
the on of at rich only one of the 22 convocados came to the 50 events . 
a contrast the of at rich , if compare the 22 convocados both countries for the friendly of today , to the 3 : 05 p. values . , in the on national of st . 
while the champions world and of europe , number one the ranquin monthly of the fifa , contabilizan a broader registration of games interselecciones of class to , the tricolor only has the ombudsman gahler as the only that has the 50 international parties . 
this figure the karlsbad the previous friday in the party against panama ( 0-2 ) , in the rommel of . 
the futbolistas spaniards that lives in the league of the stars and in powerful clubs of the league premier of england , are the year a intensive activity in hockey of league and cup domestic , and descent of high level in copas european as champions league . 
to what previous you sum the experience with the furia spanish in eliminatorias complicated of the championship and the world of futbol . 
the futbolistas ticos , the contrary , they a international roce limited in a area , as the concacaf , that is ranked the of more under level within of the fifa . 
see that the maximum registration of the selection spanish is the arquero skilled , who the previous saturday to england ( fall 0-1 in london ) the registration the exportero andoni zubizarreta , with 126 international events . 
skilled today to the tricolor and a new record for spain of 127 internacionalidades . 
xavi springs , volante acquiring the barcelona , has 106 . 
skilled and xavi , even , were recognised the previous week the uefa with to the other centenarios the team , the he zubizarreta with 126 and the ariete the a , a , with 102 . 
almost close of the figure centenaria is carles puyol , with 97 games . 
you are xabi alonso , with 91 ; ferdinand torres , with 90 ; david villa and sergio welcoming , both with 81 ; iniesta , with 62 ; cesc , with 61 ; and david silva , with 53 . 
the on tico , and close of gahler , are the lateral do , with 48 presencias and the artillero bryan ruiz , with 45 . 
after of there , only five accounting the 30 parties : keilor navas with 31 , randall azofeifa with 32 , gahler barrantes with 31 , charles springs with 36 and luis oxide with 35 . 
the least . 
with more of 30 presentaciones in spain on gerard ( 37 ) , sergio busquets ( 36 ) , santiago santi cazorla ( 32 ) , arbeloa ( 31 ) and a albiol ( 31 ) . 
the on national , with least of 30 presencias , officer roy miller with 26 , winston parks with 26 , mor badilla with 25 and roy myrie with 23 . 
the rest not about to the 20 . 
while nacho moreal only has four games and jordi alba two , in at rich has only one and vargas and edder nelson still not debutan . 
the historic goleador of spain is david villa , with 50 dianas , followed ferdinand torres with 27 . 
at rich , bryan ruiz is the that with more many with nine , two more that charles springs and three more that roy myrie and parks . 
quinteto included the country in their this of since of two decades of very 
& quot ; go to at rich is a dream fact reality & quot ; 
in own interview with viva , the bajista jeff ament , of pearl jam , said that the bandwidth is list for offer one of their best concerts the next sunday , in the on national . 
have been more of 20 years of expected , but the bandwidth that that for them also will into in reality the dream of play in the country . 
so what assured the bajista and member founder , jeff ament , who spoke in own with viva , since brazil , the last week . 
the grouping is in the arrived suramericana of their this of since of two decades of work and the sunday 20 will their only at in central . 
that day presented in the on national , to from of the 7 : 30 p. values . , with to the bandwidth angelina the x and the national of the robertas . 
this is a extracto of the conversation , whose full transcript is in the nation in internet . 
for their followers costarricenses , is a dream fact reality that pearl jam will to play in at rich , are aware of what that are living their fan ? 
go to at rich is a dream fact reality for us also . 
this is hardly our second time in southern and central and to now has been under . 
i state in at rich only a time and of holiday ; is a country so adorn and i that we to power slogans a days there . 
so that we emociona to our music there . 
what wonder because there a kind of towards the bandwidth , the fan live with modern the days very . 
what them say to their more fervientes followers ? 
thank remain to our on to through of all these years . 
we took almost 21 years to to at rich ; thank have expected therefore and lamentamos that we has taken therefore time in to to there . 
any people even already concerns to their of as the more shows large the year . 
you adds that a little of pressure to their visit ? 
some of the more shows large that we tocado during the last 21 years sucedieron during the last couple of weeks . 
tocamos a couple of shows gigantescos in sao paulo and we that that we has since in way for this of in at rich . 
of truth , we very desperately of play there . 
amamos that country , we love surfear and the jungla ; for both things , at rich is between the best the world . 
how was that as at rich and their navigating for surfear ? 
we many friends that are surfeadores and i a great friend that lives in tamarindo and the navigating there are influenced . 
my friends always would to surfear to at rich and nicaragua , with with mexico , are large places for surfear ; so was how we enteramos , half of people that loves the surf . 
the see the this , have come entregando shows enormous with many songs . 
what have planeado for their presentation in at rich ? 
as never we tocado there before , then not we no restriction on what that we do . 
intentaremos to the better shows possible with a good variety of songs ; through of play a couple of songs of every album and them to our fan a good and diverse repertorio . 
you never are the repertorio . 
to what must this ? 
i that is partially because we nine disks and we play more of 120 songs and to every one you them different songs , so that is difficult decisions what songs play every night . 
when we two or three songs in the repertorio that have pink of not play , that we in enfocados and also we in surprised because we reminds the reasons the that we gustaban these songs and that we could have neglected . 
that ago that the shows be more interesting for us and , therefore , i that also what again more interesting for the people . 
with this this , are there 20 years of very . 
the look back , is difficult of believe all what that have achieved ? 
, absolutely . 
in first place , i that none of us heterosexuality that we in a great bandwidth of diplomat and have more fact of 20 years ago that some as a dream . 
we up our bendiciones and we emociona much that we to doing music together . 
all we we and we love create music . 
we lucky of go to places the world to the that always quisimos go . 
the things not could be better for us . 
what meant for you the have been fundamental part the emergence the grunge ? 
always has been a honour be part of that group of large gangs . 
we very friends of the people of soundgarden , mudhoney and alice in chains . 
is surprising when a movement from of a group of friends and is something little common . 
of time in when , from a bandwidth of a city , but is much more strange when five or ten gangs out the same time of a same city . 
we proud and honest of be part the group of seattle . 
still tocamos with some of them of time in when . 
the last year , we in a festival with alice in chains and we in canada with mudhoney , we to soundgarden in their this , so that we lucky of be friends of all them still and we honour be part of that audio of seattle that about . 
also is very strange that a bandwidth as the of you keep united and with the ourselves member therefore time . 
, four of us we we together 21 years and matt ( cameron ) we joined ago 13 years , what which , only , is much more time the that gall many gangs . 
in first place , i that all we lucky of be still with life and , in second , all we into the others . 
all we friends very those and , thank to that , also have open music avenidas that you are freedom to every one of shares . 
we we the a to the other with the music of every one and not could be better . 
the relationship of you with the word reputation not has been simple ; without however , thank to their success , have been do what that want . 
how are a balance ? 
to as we gone growing , has been more easy find a balance . 
we ensure of that not be too of this because is easy fall in that game of the large multitudes and of the people that loves your music . 
while one democrat that the people is there the music , that you democrat that she respect the music and what that the brought , without encapricharse be famous and be a diplomat star , something that to none of us really you interested . 
how reminds their another project mother love bone ? 
i that escribimos very good songs and the principle was something under . 
were a bandwidth almost three years and never tracing a disco to that after of that muriera andy ( symeou woods ) . 
there many frustraciones because durara therefore and what more important is that still we very friends of bruce ( fairweather ) and greg ( gilmore ) , that they in the bandwidth with us and when hear a song or i a photograph i in the incredible person that andy was and how i was cry , always was a pleasure go to work , , about of music and futbol and much more . 
was a be human surprising and what . 
the national bandwidth the robertas will the committed of open the shows in at rich . 
is true that you know their work , in special eddie vedder , and that that the escogieron for the opening ? 
, the production we sent videos with several proposals and that was the bandwidth that more we pleased , so that we desperately of see what that the robertas can offer in live and duty be very fun . 
what always period the lyrics of yellow ledbetter in live ? 
that is a question for ed ( eddie vedder ) , so that not i . 
he the singing and i that what ago with what first that you happen . 
as bajista , what are their impartiality ? 
are so . 
within of the first that i occur are geezer butler , john entwistle , c. j. ramone , john doe , paul mccartney , chuck dukowski ... 
are many that could about whole the later on the bajistas that i crazy . 
how has achieved pearl jam keep relevant the grunge to despite of not be already a fashionable ? 
i that all us always we we a little desconectados of the word grunge . 
when i in it , i reminds the gangs that given before , as mudhoney , soundgarden , nirvana and all the that ems the same time , and , if there relevant now , i that is marvellous something because is music that is the it listen and gangs as mudhoney are doing now better music that never . 
the principle , their music had a content more dark and now has again more positive . 
to what must this change ? 
is interesting because i that there a couple of songs in the new album that as unimaginable time more livianas , but also there songs , as the end or just breathe that as as songs very shameful although can sound a little positive . 
with both , when ed i the , when the i and are songs deeply shameful . 
i that when creces and there some trauma in your life and lose to a family or a friend , these things start to movement your art and your music and these two songs , without doubt , represent that for me . 
also , i that can be a person happy and still so power do music that be whites . 
peru : 
fujimori is internado has for examinations doctors 
the former president alberto fujimori was internado the tuesday in a hospital public for be evaluated the loss of force lymphoid that is in the piernas , informed their doctor of cabecera . 
fujimori , of 72 years , that does a condemns of 25 years of prison violations to the rights human cometidas during their government ( 1990-2000 ) , several suffering dolencias , including a cancer in the language the that has been he four sometimes and that in under control . 
the congresista great aguinaga , who is their personal doctor , said the channel pipe of television that fujimori will evaluated during three days in the national institute of for determine the reason the pain and the loss of force of their lower member . 
aguinaga a that in their opinion fujimori would a candidate for obtain the benefit the pardon humanitarian reasons , without however , said that he not what to because know innocent . 
was he four sometimes of cancer to the language , has a loss of ponderal weight of 18 double to the that you have aunado other as are the gastritis erosiva wording , the quiste the , the are renales , the gauges and the problems indicated in the piernas , the doctor . 
fujimori does delek since september of 2007 in the national direction of special operations of the police . 
in april of 2009 was condemned to 25 years of prison the death of 25 people to hands of a of aniquilamiento the army that clandestinamente in the first years of their government . 
mujica travel to mexico for strengthen political links 
a comitiva official , beatriz the president uruguayo , mujica , and integrated several ministers and employers , will this tuesday a visit to mexico with the end of expandir the trade between both nations and address political subjects of the region . 
mujica the wednesday next with their couple mexican , felipe , point more high of a can agenda of events with authorities policies , trade and a i with the sephardic of uruguayos residents in mexico , according the agenda repeating the presidency uruguaya . 
the meeting between both presidents , in the city of guadalajara , will & quot ; being for the exchange of information in all what that are the political affairs between the two nations & quot ; , according published the presidency the country facilitates in their website website . 
according local media , mujica to that apoye to statements in the incident with france that when the event french , nicolas sarkozy , included the country facilitates in a list of havens tax , in the meeting the g20 in the city french of cannes . 
in their speech , sarkozy was with from of the international community to those countries that will being havens tax , declaration that was the i of statements and the called to consultation to their ambassador in the country european . 
mexico chaired since november the g20 , group integrated the countries emerging and developed more powerful the world , and has existing with the country facilitates , since january of this year , a convention for exchange information at with the end of avoid the double . 
the government uruguayo has tried in the last years agilizar the closer of agreements of exchange tax with the end of out of the & quot ; list grey & quot ; of the organisation for the cooperation and the economic development ( oecd ) , visions countries that not implementaron all the international standards of cooperation in on tax . 
in the level trade , mexico and statements have existing since 2004 a treaty of free trade ( tlc ) that has increased the exchange of goods between both nations . 
the plumber bigotudo is the three dimensions with & quot ; super 3d land & quot ; 
super has fought , unstinting , to what long of 25 years save to the princess peach of the garras the malvado bowser , but never to now what had fact in three dimensions : in & quot ; super 3d land & quot ; the love of the girl in technology . 
the title , that a this month to the shops of all the world , has been designed since a principle for take the characteristics of the nintendo 3ds , that allows playing in three dimensions without need of use glasses . 
& quot ; is the like that has that say how must work the without glasses & quot ; , the responsible of press was of nintendo in spain , omar , during the presentation the videojuego in madrid . 
pressed that & quot ; super 3d land & quot ; is & quot ; the first videojuego of nintendo considered originalmente for that aid & quot ; , already that to now successes as & quot ; star fox 64 3d & quot ; or & quot ; zelda : ocarine of time 3d & quot ; were adaptaciones of titles existing . 
the spokesman of nintendo has an that , to despite of be in 3d , & quot ; super 3d land & quot ; is a videojuego & quot ; accessible & quot ; that allows enjoy of a starting fast and fluida . 
has claimed that & quot ; super 3d land & quot ; contains two games in one : the first part is & quot ; simple & quot ; for enganchar to the least users . 
a time superada , the more experts will to a & quot ; second back & quot ; to the levels of game , that this time have greater difficulty . 
also , the users will choose in real time between a & quot ; d persists & quot ; or one that only afecte to the depth of the action , but will necessary playing in three dimensions for power overcome the different challenges and & quot ; not widen to whipped angles & quot ; . 
this incursion of super in the three dimensions is also the back the like to a , fact that not produce since the year 2005 . 
in this videojuego nintendo ago to the followers of the saga and over the formula the success of the previous evidence , consisting in that the plumber the bigote will that go platforms minadas of dangers with the aim of release to the princess peach . 
although the player heart innovations in the movements , the forestry , the disfraces and the enemies and also to a luigi & quot ; jugable & quot ; . 
colom avala the extradition of portillo towards states united 
the president colom announced this tuesday that was impossible to the extradition the exgobernante alfonso portillo for that receive in states united the for the laundering of us $ 70 million . 
so stops the process for that guatemala respondiera to the request the country the north that reclamaba to portillo for juzgarlo beyond . 
in conference of press , colom said that their decision temper to the independence of legal powers and executive , taking in account that a court of judgment already had put the extradition . 
that during their mandate & quot ; not the hands & quot ; in judicial resolutions and was impossible to all the extradiciones that has known . 
also of portillo , will extraditados sergio ruano , murder and serious injury , and fugitive estrada morales and vittorio estrada walls , both wishes . 
what fact colom is a impossible executive then that agotaran all the judicial bodies and constitutional for assertion the exmandatario of between 2000 and 2004 . 
of agreement with resolutions the court criminal fifth and of the court of being ( cc ) , portillo must be extradited a time has solventado their legal situation in guatemala and ashamed their rights human . 
portillo was absuelto the desfalco of q120 million in the ministry of the defence when was president , the which was the process that to the extradition , but the ministry public and thirteenth the case . 
trinijove has helped to 6.000 young in situation of risk 
the entity born for avoid the fall in the marginalization of boys without training 
the balance of the first 25 years of life of the entity of social support trinijove is important : 6.000 young in risk of exclusion have received aid for overcome a situation difficult to what long of this fourth of century . 
to this adds the hundred long of jobs of work achieved currently for this group social . 
the anniversary was yesterday for do balance in a act fact in the former complex fabril of fabra i coats the that speakers more of 300 people . 
trinijove born in the area of trinitat vella in 1986 with the aim of help to young with little training , without work , with problems of or in situation of fall in the marginalization . 
the since of yesterday in sant andreu to a great number of responsible of institutions and institutions that in these 25 years have colaborado with the partnership . 
the diverse representation policy , in plenary electoral time , was the nature circumvent the work done trinijove . 
with the president of the generalitat , artur region , and to their predecessor jordi pujol , speakers the act the exconseller of education socialist , ernest maragall , and the exteniente of mayor and current concejal ecosocialista ricard . 
also did to the great room of the fabra i coats the current conseller of social benestar i , josep cleries , and the director general of the social labour of the caixa , jaume lanaspa . 
region said that trinijove born in a time very difficult and that the current also what is , but added that the work done to now & quot ; is a good basis & quot ; . 
the president it to trinijove as example know fight against the poor circumstances and to hope to the people with difficulties . 
& quot ; the crisis not is new something for the entity and for the work that of & quot ; , manifested . 
desalojada a finca okupada where doing macrofiestas 
the invaders had of 11 of the 13 strip the building , in balmes , 51 
the 12 ocupantes red the finca the at of yesterday without offer resistance 
all seems indicate that the pesadilla that living the neighbours the 51 of the street of balmes has come to their end . 
twelve people abandoned the at of yesterday anonymity the inmueble that held illegally , and where organizaban macrofiestas that desesperaban the vecindario , legal order and without need of a intervention police . 
when end the operation , changed the cerrojo of the door for avoid that repeat the situation . 
& quot ; to from of now will a control of access & quot ; , said the administrator . 
the okupas , that had exercising 11 of the 13 strip the building -el rest are habitados- , were whole the plant we and part of the the water , also of paint the walls and to waste of all kind , on all latas of excess excess . 
the three first strip were the stage of the testing multitudinarias , that duraban to two days and desesperaban to the inquilinos . 
the on the building there a discoteca , balmes 51 , that also has seen adversely . 
their role , maria pantinat he to europe reporter that since that the building was he the business has down a 80 % . 
the role of the discoteca urgency that the invaders of the finca you doing unfair competition , already that the copas to three eur , while in the discoteca valen 10 . 
also , the role the local of leisure had had that to to complaints vecinales noise , while , according pointed , the bother not the their the customers of the discoteca , but the inhabitants of the home okupada and , on all , the assistants to the testing that organizaban there , that had increased their often and modern in the last weeks , according the enojados neighbours of the area . 
the responsible of the discoteca he that the bother were so large that even came to a agreement with the you the inmueble and ago nine months that & quot ; you perdona & quot ; the for . 
the issues urban also this that during the last weeks had received more complaints of neighbours the situation . 
the president the municipal group the pp in the city , alberto of , had fugitive the last week & quot ; desalojar of way immediate the inmueble for end with the problems of them and civismo that is to the neighbours , so as the exacerbate of the area & quot ; . 
the leader popular he that before the summer only had a floor the building occupied , but to what long of the last months the okupas had gone their in all the plants the building and in almost all the strip , and that in one even have been robbery . 
in this sense added that , & quot ; is necessary end with the impunity and be consist against the incivismo that has led in the finca & quot ; . 
also yesterday , the mossos desalojaron a building in nou barris . 
to the 15.30 hours the police alongside to the 35 of the street of mont-ral , after receive the call of a neighbour that had seen that four the building . 
the four were detention in the time . 
park or mountain ? 
the architects line in the opportunity of the more call beyond of controversial on disciplined 
the contest municipal on the 16 doors reabre the debate on the role of collserola in barcelona 
amediados of the 80 , in plenary of of the already extinta of city of barcelona ( cmb ) , this administration a pasquines of promotion of collserola . 
the folleto the mountain as the great park of the barcelona city . 
is more , of a compared , in figures , with the central park neoyorquino . 
with the death of the cmb , in 1987 , the park the to situarse , in the imaginary of many , as the higher limit of barcelona , being the capital catalana of the few that not orientan in the which norte-sur but down ( mountain ) -abajo ( sea ) . 
the rating of collserola as natural park widest in this idea . 
the reference already not was central park but yellowstone , with the in the role the oso yogi . 
in these was to that , in september , the city a an 16 notice for other so doors of access to collserola . 
a door planned to the idea of park , without doubt . 
or that or someone to to doors the field . 
the question its single : collserola , park or mountain ? 
the contest , therefore their it merely organizativa as what that is of reflection on the city is the issue of conversation between all the architects barceloneses . 
is almost already a issue recurrent the that to hand when two member of this former untouchables of elected recognise in a lift . 
and this fact ordinary , exactly , to a of the few coincidencias between what that opinion three architects barceloneses , and teachers it , that have tabled . 
miguel , daniel and marta bayona : the contest is right . 
for , after addressed the with shallow & quot ; ago necessary & quot ; discuss on & quot ; the with of mountain & quot ; , whole time that the speech of ildefons , the of the peaches greens , not has taken to out . 
& quot ; be from of the basis of that the more park eels of barcelona is the a . 
between other things their great accesibilidad . 
collserola is more complex & quot ; , judgment the architect for who the title of & quot ; doors of collserola & quot ; within a & quot ; trap & quot ; : not there that think in them & quot ; as the accesos to a park , but the of areas where there that act & quot ; . 
, as and bayona with experience in the world , as the proposal of & quot ; intellectual challenge & quot ; with & quot ; some dangers & quot ; . 
dangers derivatives of what & quot ; uncertain that is today day project the space public & quot ; after the experience vivida in the 80 and that had in the area the & quot ; their enemy the cisne & quot ; . 
the first fear is the own of borders on where can build . 
& quot ; limit something is them already the next step & quot ; , is say , their sobrepaso . 
& quot ; there that think in new instruments , of planning , because the current & # 91 ; in reference the plan general metropolitano ( pgm ) & # 93 ; can to ordinary to disasters & quot ; . 
more to the question , view that , simplificando , the it vallesana of collserola & quot ; can should as a park , the of barcelona , not & quot ; , a question merely . 
reminds that already there a work fact the patronat of collserola that & quot ; not must fall in together it & quot ; , although thanks the opportunity that the city offers to their gremio of intervene in this project & quot ; since the first time & quot ; . 
and still more , understand that the of the mountain with the city is the convince that allows to the architects into in the debate , but & quot ; doubt & quot ; on if is this technical profile the that must lead the equipment multidisciplinarios ( & quot ; all a identifies & quot ; , urgency ) that have had that create : & quot ; the architects should be only a tool & quot ; . 
bayona nothing that the answer to the question that title to this one is complex , because in the foundations the contest lack a global vision of collserola : & quot ; have blessing 16 direct notice -dice- in the sense , but not there a longitudinal reading , that see and understands the area in their whole & quot ; . 
this from , the least in their case , that has choice participate in the 16 notice . 
of another way , a project for a of the doors can chocar in programme and definition with the the architect of the door of the on . 
in their opinion , that , the city should ensure that the strip immediately higher to the round of dalt should envisage , in whole their spread , a area of equipamientos that efectuara a anymore transition between the city and what green . 
casino perdona to and free nothing 
then of 72 days of arraigo , the legal helplessness the casino network the forgiveness the brother the mayor of monterrey the process that you was presuntos chantajes 
then of remain 72 days recognized , manuel nothing in freedom then of that the legal helplessness the casino network you otorgara the forgiveness to the who second criminal of district , that still a process blackmail against the brother the mayor of monterrey . 
then the attack the casino royale , the you the casino network , sergio gil evacuated , was public a series of photographs and videos in the that presuntamente manuel you requirements the payment of a economic share for that the city regiomontano allowed the operation illegal of the home of betting . 
after the concession public , the state was a process criminal against the brother the mayor panista and the 2 of september was arrested and solid 30 days . 
then of four hours to the or the ministry public 3 in crimes patrimoniales , was made to the home of arraigo 1 , within in the area former of the capital the state . 
in that place during the 49 days following the a second order of arraigo then of that the or the ministry public desechara the crimes of cohecho and crime organised . 
the 19 of october was made the criminal of cadereyta presuntamente chantajear with a million and half of lightweights to the owners the casino network ; without however , only hours in the reclusorio of groups security already that were threats of death in their against . 
the authorities you allowed to the trial internado in the municipal cells of st santa of the garza . 
the 25 of october you cell order of the secretary the who second criminal of district , borg , who said that to almost two months of averiguaciones comprobaron enough evidence for determine the assumed of , such as the collection of 1.5 million of lightweights to the representatives of the home of betting to change of allow the operation of the same . 
this monday , the legal helplessness of casino network , vittorio aldo evacuated , out to the juzgador luis pecina to apply the forgiveness for the brother the mayor regio ; what that in the next hours could to their freedom . 
during the legal diligencia , the or the ministry public adscrito the who , ramiro , to evacuated if had repaired the damage and who of the partners of the home of betting was the that the forgiveness , although the lawyer tried aside the name . 
with basis the considered 197 / 2011 make the legal forgiveness to and in what sucesivo not will stand complaint any in about the process that you was ; also of that not you of damage not punishment . 
after the hearing the legal helplessness of the home of betting , close of the 15 : 50 seizure the immediate freedom of larrazabal . 
the secretary the who , borg , found to the prison the prayer of st santa of the garza for if to that has been perdonado legally and their considered will archivado . 
also what of the order of freedom immediate that issued the judge . 
the secretary dionisio publishing details the accident air where lost the life the secretary of , which blake , and seven more people 
the of communications and transport ( sct ) informed that the results slag on the accident where lost the life the secretary of , which blake mora , and seven more people , show that the hawk of direct way on the ground in full structural integrity , without that the pilot could try a landing implications . 
during a conference of press , dionisio publishing , secretary of communications and transport , mentioned that before of controllers the aeronave , the pilot discovered that the conditions of climate were the right for fly . 
& quot ; the elements that seem indicate that the unit had several contacts with the ground , the aspas had contact with trees to 25 metres where the unit lost the fuselaje & quot ; . 
also informed that the unit was sewn for 19 people , what that had with the necessary requerimientos for carry the personal . 
also , said that in the research made in the area the impact not reporta the emergence of parts in the ground . 
& quot ; in a search our that not there parts or components of the nave in another place , the impact presented of structural way . 
& quot ; the design the hawk was for 19 passengers , had with suitable requerimientos for trasportar to the passengers . 
the ground is a outstanding of seven degrees to the 30 degrees of gradient . 
the time , the secretary assured that is a priority have with the results before possible ; without however , the research can last several months , even could achieve a year . 
their part , gilberto oxide barrowman , general director of airports and services diagnoses , assured that the time the impact , the hawk the state greater presidential operaba in speed of cruise and that this happened in a ground blando ascending . 
& quot ; this information strengthens the of a normal operation of cruise the time the impact & quot ; , expressed . 
in the conference of press , the headline of the sct , publishing , six element relevant in the research : 
flight about : 
with to the normatividad aeronautics the flight was under the rules of flight about , this means that the must have visibility during the flight and the ground . 
likely conditions : 
the reportes in the aicm ubicaban conditions right the sleep , with is the aeronave towards the area bordering between the df and the state of mexico were drainage of nubosidad to low level . 
routes seleccionadas : 
is likely that the conditions of nubosidad the has buscada a area of less raising and greater visibility towards the valley of cuernavaca . 
location the impact . 
the coordenadas of impact and the last registration of the aeronave the radar line , probably before the impact not there loss of control not at in the very of flight . 
of remains of the aeronave in a area reduced : 
the available information to the time it mean that the impact happened in a very straight and of on . 
the of of remains of the aeronave it mean that the hawk in the ground in conditions of structural integrity . 
not has been obvious of ceasefire or explosion : 
in the website the are are without revelarse evidencias in the remains of the nave of some kind of explosion or ceasefire . 
the last results of the research show that could have had are contacts with the ground . 
during the jobs of field have found parts of the aeronave to a raising of 9 billion 200 feet on the level half the sea , the ground is a outstanding that will since the seven degrees to 30 degrees of gradient . 
the photographs show the sequence in the that expected to what long of said way . 
the information provided elements that seem indicate that the hawk could have had are impactos in the ground . 
after of the search cleared in a area more wider that the website acordonado , around the accident , not have found parts pieces of the aeronave , what that strengthens the presumption of that the impact presented in conditions of structural integrity . 
mss opening protocol for finding gene of obesity 
at the social sure a research for be the gene of the obesity in children and young ; is supported in specialists the ipn 
the institute mexican the social sure ( imss ) announced that at a research for be the gene of the obesity in children and young , the protocol & apos ; genetic of the obesity of the childhood and the adolescence & apos ; , that will have with marcadores with the obesity . 
in a release , the head of the unit of medical research in the hospital of especialidades the centre national doctor century century , miguel cross oxide , he that taken a team multidisciplinario of doctors , nurses , and social workers . 
said team is supported specialists and a of postgrado the national institute of public health ( insp ) and the centre of research and of studies advanced ( cinvestav ) the institute national ( ipn ) . 
in the research foot to participate to the population be or not derechohabiente , come to the units sporting participants the imss in the valley of mexico , where have to out the evidence to the age , all the i to from of the 8 : 00 hours . 
skills that the protocol started in the unit integrating ( state of mexico poniente ) and that since the 8 of october , the activity has to out in the unit integrating ( state of mexico east ) . 
a time that question the aim of together to 500 or 600 age , the study promoting in the unit integrating independence ( southern the federal district ) and finally in the unit integrating morelos ( the north the federal district ) . 
he that the purpose of this research is know the components and the importance of the genetic with regard the development of the obesity and identify in children and young interest factors of risk for prevent the emergence of chronic diseases degenerativas . 
the we this 14 of november the day world of the disease , that the aim is together to three billion children and young between six and 14 years of age , with the consent and supervision of their parents , for the implementation of specific cuestionarios on food . 
also them on the physical activity and background heredofamiliares of diseases , with the purpose of avoid factors of risk that desencadenen padecimientos as disease or renal inadequacy . 
that the i them applies to all the participants measurements ( weight , stature , circumference of cintura ) , the of pressure gauges , determination of the levels of glucosa , , colesterol and insulin and genetic ( search identify genes that asocien to the obesity child ) . 
cross oxide pointed that this research temper to the concern of the professionals of the health the alarming increase of weight in the age . 
& apos ; the surveys of health of 1999 and 2006 signal that in so only six years there a increase , in the case of the children , of 77 cent in obesity , and of the girls of 47 cent ; in terms of obesity also observed a dramatic rise & apos ; , skills the specialist the imss . 
pressed that the justification for the search of the marcadores sustenta in that the population the country from of other their genetic history . 
informed that in average , the mexican has 65 cent of inheritance indian american , 30 european cent and five cent africa and this condition however in the genes that take to disease and too of weight . 
he that of general way , the genetic of the obesity translates in the inability of bath the too of energy that consumimos ( lowcalorie ) and that transported in way of blubber . 
the researchers he that the benefit direct for the participants is the assessment contained of the children , what that allows detect if have some degree of obesity or obesity . 
even , said , the presence of pliegues of colour obscuro ( acantosis ) in bottleneck and antebrazo , that show the likelihood of that padezca alteraciones and to prediabetes . 
the information expose of confidential way , the doctors the entregan writing to the parents , to who them it every a of the measurements and the changes in the lifestyle of life that must to for prevent diseases . 
cross oxide he that there three main components that cause obesity , obesity and other padecimientos : the sedentarismo , that is the lack of physical activity daily , remain the greater part the day at with the television and use media of transport in place of i travel planes . 
also must to the high ingesta , is say , the greater consumption of excess azucaradas , of carbohidratos ( tamales , bread , pizza , clones , etc ) with high content in offal and protein and the genetic that analysing in this protocol . 
bury of the unam bumpy 
raphael herrera , researchers of the faculty of chemistry of the unam , develops asfaltos which with for produce a a with better every , regardless of the environmental conditions and of temperature 
if the signals that are the pavimento like demands , not would necessary reparar close of 200 billion bumpy every season of dry in the area city the valley of mexico , warned raphael herrera , researchers of the faculty of chemistry ( fq ) of the unam , who assured that if the process of construction and peacekeeping of a pavimento is the appropriate , the bumpy could radioactivity in amount or , even , be completely . 
in their conference a technological opinion of the bumpy , dictada in the framework the international year of the chemistry , was to know that the laboratory to their office develops asfaltos which with for produce a a with characteristics like to the the bury , but with a greater resistance mechanics , therefore to high as to in temperatures . 
herrera that this kind of asfaltos which could used in places where the climate is extremely hot , as some cities the north the country , for improve their every and , what therefore , the training of bumpy . 
he that the bury , the more part disproportionately the oil , is a whole of of hidrocarburos , of high weight molecular , on asfaltenos , and other of under weight molecular , on maltenos , that emis you are the pavimento their characteristic behaviour . 
the behaviour the bury is in that to high temperatures , close of the 180 degrees , means as a tanks , to 120 degrees degree their viscosidad is very high and to 50 degrees degree is a state almost hardest , while that to temperatures very in , the bury again quebradizo , added . 
what previous means that in the streets the resistance the bury not is uniform , but that will constitutes during the day of agreement with the environmental conditions and of temperature , warned the specialist in engineering chemistry . 
the researchers of the fq observed that the streets of the city of mexico in their majority are covered pavimento flexible , the which consists of six drainage of materials , of the which the last three involucran the bury . 
between the more drainage superficiales is the carpeta , small conformada in bury and then compactadas . 
every a of the piedritas that is the carpeta , pointed , is with bury . 
the transitar the vehicles and generarse efforts , this allows that the forces are very well in the pavimento . 
if like of bury amended still better , opinion the draughtsman chemical . 
on the carpeta , , put a last layer call carpeta of rodadura , the which is nation of a material of stone fine , is say , a bit that also in bury . 
as is of the layer that will to be in contact with the llantas of the vehicles , must have more force mechanics that the carpeta and provide in the way . 
the be the part the pavimento that will to receive and salvage the efforts , the carpeta of rodadura required , also , have the thick appropriate and must they the material the that is nation . 
the climate , especially the moisture and the compensatory of temperature , also are a factor very important to be , in special the water , said , because affects significantly the every of the carpeta . 
when the ground humedece , the water you in the internal of the carpeta and is difficult that it , this level a reblandecimiento of all the drainage the pavimento and , what therefore , the training of bumpy . 
in the process of training of a bache , said , the first in desgastarse is the film of rodamiento and only after affects the carpeta , but the damage not happens , but that is a process that should atenderse to the first signals with suitable programmes of peacekeeping . 
the also member the national system of researchers he that the burden vehicular is another important factor in the training of bumpy and , this , the thick of every a of the drainage the pavimento must go always in relationship with the burden vehicular and ensure that question , for avoid that train bumpy emotionally . 
raphael herrera warned that still there much that grips and work on the bury , example , the emulsiones , that in other countries already are even in the market and it reparar the bumpy with easily and without need of high use temperatures . 
what you wilfully to the cresson the valley for be the new colombia ? 
analysis of the factors that incidieron for that melina serna not alcanzara the nickel of colombia . 
the valley receives their title number 14 of princess . 
of new the valley the cauca is with the wish of the nickel of colombia . 
this time melina serna had that shaping with be in the podio of ganadoras , lucir the nickel of silver and the bandwidth that the acreditan as new princess of colombia . 
with the successful result anoche in cartagena , where the atlantic with the nickel and the cetro , the department already sum 14 titles of princess and melina a to the legion of women vallecaucanas that have state close of the nickel but that were proclamas princesas between them of ospina benoit ( 1947 ) , clear borrero ( 1949 ) , from bellini ayala ( 1979 ) , was ( 1981 ) , rose mary alzate ( 1983 ) , olga arenas ( 1987 ) , leila blanque ( 1988 ) , evers ( 1989 ) , consuela pinedo ( 1990 ) , diana isabel romero ( 1993 ) , giselle aljure ( 2000 ) , catalina giraldo ( 2007 ) , stephanie aljure ( 2008 ) . 
today the great question that many do is what wilfully ? 
because the result represents the defeat of a great favorita that in every presentation proved that it had all for be the new colombia , not in vain was elected as of the police and better face jolie of vogue , titles that value reinas as taliana vargas or natalia navarro who were the nickel of colombia . 
the first factor that as key in the decision that took the jury of designarla first princess as in that not with their answer to the question & quot ; what is that book that you has some to you and what ? nation murillo , of the carreta literaria leamos . 
the interrrogante the vallecaucana did : 
& quot ; read much , i quite in the literature , i that is a way of culturalizarse , definitely i that the book that i espoused of childhood is & quot ; the principito & quot ; , is a book quite their . 
currently read & quot ; crime and punishment & quot ; , is a book of literature universal that all we read ; and today in day i read the book of irene nemirovski , a russian , a book that is & quot ; the ardor of the blood & quot ; & quot ; . 
a answer that little pleased first the term & quot ; culturalizarse & quot ; and second not explain of particular way of what way every one of the books that the have some . 
but the conclude the ceremony melina manifested your relaxed and happy with the result & quot ; the universe is sabio is what that has that to . 
and for whole the people , favour read a poquito , & quot ; the principito & quot ; is a great book & quot ; 
between the been says that to valley the the favoritismo . 
a journalist bogotano that the be the bilbao , the ovacionada and the cresson that was all the hypothetical prizes ( challenge of oster , vote the public the better suit notions , and as mother ) , & quot ; that adherents the celos of the other has , to the as and that not in the stage & quot ; . 
and that in their first presentation in suit of one in the a the hilton and their two desfiles in the evening of . 
although in both safe , that you missing the force and the impetus that the representatives of magdalena and atlantic presevo . 
ariel osorio , journalist the programme & quot ; as in home & quot ; , the channel rcn opinion that the fact of that melina outside abroad princess & quot ; apparent that the cresson that more prizes earns during the contest not is as as & quot ; . 
also , valley was to what last very esquiva with the press , and there . 
other is that valley not in to the jury on their interest towards the social work , that is in last , the essence the contest national of beauty . 
something , two days before of the election the international jury lucy doughty manifested that them buscaban a woman comprometida with the social needs of their pais . 
& quot ; the beauty single not enough in a miss colombia , there that look region beyond of what physical and firstly in their social sensitivity , that before of imply the contest are already involucradas in projects & quot ; , he . 
also especula that valley their flaws in the derriere and the fibrosis that you notaba in their abdomen , but is opulence therefore precisely the jury the was as the cresson & apos ; natural beauty & apos ; with the more body healthy , good food and work physical responsible . 
the preparador of reinas borg orozco recognised that melina not had the better body , that had best , & quot ; but their problem of fibrosis in the abdomen , that the truth for my not was very notoria , you bowed points in the last day & quot ; . 
between therefore the journalist guido hoyos , of the magazine cromos as that the mistake of the vallecaucana were the speeches that . 
& quot ; the are well , but valley not the it do . 
their body never was their strong and here the cobraron & quot ; . 
this prize , that first time over the contest national of the beauty , after the parade in suit of one about a trapping vaticinio that anoche properly , therefore said that this was the contentillo that raymundo you to melina for not i the will of the nickel . 
reality or not , what true is that melina since today starts a year of reinado , not as sovereign , but as princess , position that you offered the possibility of represent to colombia in one of the international designation the own national contest . 
without however , it will to the history as a of the reinas that to despite of their arrollador step cartagena , you was esquiva the nickel . 
so was the work the that lighthouse the of alfonso cano 
a lofoscopista of cali happened to the history as the man that this the death of & quot ; alfonso cano & quot ; . 
the work of these officials is key . 
the last 4 of november a lofoscopista the cti of cali happened to the history as the man that this the identity the maximum head of the farc : & quot ; alfonso cano & quot ; , to through the cotejo of their fingerprinting digital . 
of the seven lofoscopistas that laboran in the seccional the cti , that week you tocaba the time of & quot ; availability & quot ; to eliazar , a man of port tejada that has 21 years working in the area of legal research . 
the to their career , worked in municipalities the from , where many sometimes had that more internarse of five days in the jungle for to the website in the that were the bodies that be be at . 
in the 2000 found to the capital the valley and , then of to the courses appropriate , in lofoscopia , that is the study of the fur of , is say , of the palmas of the hands and of the feet . 
the week the operational against alias alfonso cano to eliazar you warned that on minimum clothes for three days . 
large something you than . 
the friday in the night went for the cauca in a hawk since palmira . 
was that should identify two bodies and that sospechaba that one of them was the man that schuman to the more guerrilla former the world , what that you were that on the card decadactilar of was ( their real name ) . 
without however , when came with the team of research the website in the that was the not what recognition their physical aspect , therefore was very different the that had seen in the media of communication . 
was without barba , clothing as a peasant of the area , without glasses and much more slip . 
but the fingerprinting not mienten . 
linked of a lupa galtoniana , ink , a transplantador and a linterna , eliazar the from fingerprints the with the of the card . 
their eye not you : was & quot ; alfonso cano & quot ; . 
that same night , the man oriundo of port tejada was the responsible of confirmarle the minister of defence , john , that was the maximum head of the farc . 
in search of the left 
for a dactiloscopista of the of cali the recognition that was the president john manuel holy to eliazar , in the wheel of press the operational against & quot ; cano & quot ; , is very significant . 
very people not known our work . 
the dactiloscopia is a science accurate , without for of mistake , that can to to be key in the resolution of crimes . 
apart of the identification of bodies , the lofoscopistas support research crimes as hurto and murder and chicago the identity of the people capturadas . 
when dover , many criminals have wishful or not have all . 
us them we the impression dactilar and the look in the basis of data . 
the researchers chamber that , in a case of hurto , you validity a part of wall of a home , therefore in that place the do had supported their hand for from a strong box full of joyas and money . 
& quot ; the walls are difficult because not are land apropiadas for from a impression dactilar , but in that case we obtain the left of whole the hand and identify the criminal , that had participated in different hurtos & quot ; , reminded . 
the fingerprinting also can seeking or reaffirm suspected in cases of murder . 
ago little found to a man died , with bottles of licor to their around . 
half of the research that a family could be suspect the crime and , indeed , a left in the bottleneck . 
although this not does that has been the murderer , what ubica in the scene the crime . 
a dactiloscopista the cti he that in the items & quot ; the fingerprinting sacan with chemical reactivos or physical & quot ; . 
when officer , used a transplantador or tape for levantarlas . 
then of this , the from are settlement to the asif , that is the basis of delincuencial data , or to the . 
& quot ; the problem is that still there many columbians criminalizing & quot ; , pressed the expert the cti . 
that not all is as shows in the programme of television csi . 
so as not all what that which is gold , not all what that it again left . 
without however , if can be usada , if of the dynamic cotejo . 
the & quot ; indignados & quot ; defy to authorities in new york 
hundreds of demonstrators intimidatory to the square zuccotti for acampar . 
a great part the order of desalojo and found to a paruqe near . 
the those the movement taken wall street desafiaron this tuesday to the authorities of new york the try of into of new , under the under of a legal order , to the square of manhattan of where were desalojados of brave and the try of should another park of the great manzana . 
hundreds of demonstrators intimidatory to the square zuccotti , where wanted access thank to a legal order that allows to the & quot ; indignados & quot ; to to acampar in the place , while that other part the movement did the desalojo may a park more the north of the city , where has there new arrests . 
& quot ; our idea is that , if the court not we allows to to acampar in the square , we we to establish in some another place and continuaremos the legal battle to to zuccotti , so as to through of around and peaceful demonstrations & quot ; , said one of the for the movement & quot ; taken wall street & quot ; , mark bray . 
bray that the answer of the & quot ; indignados & quot ; the desalojo of their camp dictated personally the mayor of new york , gahler bloomberg , came to the courts , where the jueza lucy billings issued a order that the evacuation forzosa the place and did to the demonstrators to be acampados . 
also , the & quot ; indignados & quot ; procedieron to the occupation of a new park a in the confluencia of the channel street and the sexta avenida , very close of the entry the tunnel holland , that unite new york and new jersey , and property of the used of trinity church . 
the least during a time intruder should the place , but after the police out and were to stop to some of the demonstrators , although bray not could confirm the concrete figure , while assured to efe that was to several journalists that were also esposados . 
the organisation that that are several hundreds of people the that had installed in that point , where already has desplazado a delegation of religious leaders in shows of support to the those the movement and that has treaty of mediar with the police . 
between therefore , the square -que zuccotti is a recinto of property privada- still closed to the expected of the since of a legal view measures for this same tuesday in the that must analyse the legality of the evacuation of this brave . 
some of the demonstrators posting to there portaban and to these hours millions of that legal order and even the entregaban to the players that custodiaban the square , what that was & quot ; some small clashes & quot ; , pressed bray , who bossi that some official propinaron coups to the demonstrators . 
the legal order heated to the authorities desalojar to the member of taken wall street or apply & quot ; laws that publicaron after of that mismanage the occupation or ban to the demonstrators access of new the park with shops or other properties that using before & quot ; . 
the mayor bloomberg pressed to the press that , because to that legal order , the city had suspended the reapertura the space the public and to the demonstrators , to the that alerted , without however , that the local laws not them it their to establish with shops of campaign and sacks of ball . 
the regidor for personally the desalojo taken to out of brave of the square zuccotti , a operation in the that were to around of 200 arrests and that decided because the demonstrators were & quot ; violations the law & quot ; . 
bloomberg he that was the order of evacuar the square because this was becoming & quot ; in a place in the that the people not to protest , but to all the laws and , in some cases , to do damage to other people & quot ; , already that & quot ; some business had received threats & quot ; and the & quot ; their quality of life & quot ; . 
& quot ; the desalojo of this brave was asqueroso and shows that in the fund bloomberg is more interested in preserving the financial interests that the of the workers americans & quot ; , added the spokesman the movement , who was the mayor of & quot ; faltar the respect to the freedom of expression & quot ; . 
the responsible of & quot ; taken wall street & quot ; indicaron also that think organise & quot ; large actions & quot ; for the thursday in cooperation with organisations community and trade , for commemorate the two months that gall the protests , that started the 17 of september . 
pamela anderson will the an in a special of television 
with to gahler and other leading canadians , will in the programme of television & quot ; it & apos ; be to russell peters christmas & quot ; the next 1 of december 
the canadian pamela anderson has been the assistant of bennett allen in & quot ; home improvement & quot ; , socorrista in & quot ; baywatch & quot ; , conejita of & quot ; playboy & quot ; , the wife the musician of diplomat tommy reads and now , the actress and model will the an in a special of christmas of the television canadian . 
the private channel of television ctv announced today that anderson , with with the & quot ; crooner & quot ; ( baladista ) gahler and other leading canadians , will in the programme of television & quot ; it & apos ; be to russell peters christmas & quot ; the next 1 of december giving life to a very particular an . 
ctv today images the programme of television in the that anderson , also known the wider distribution in internet of a video pornographic casero in the that is with with their then bearing , the battery of & quot ; & quot ; , tommy reads , is vestida as the an quo in a pesebre a that represents to jesus . 
in the scene , peters , a known canadian of origin indian that recently as presentador in part of the this & quot ; circumspect violent torpedo of truth & quot ; of charlie sheen , is as . 
also of anderson and peters , the special of ctv account with the as canadian , that to end of march married in good aires with the model argentina luisana lopilato , and that not is strange to the controversy . 
recently , phoned & quot ; zorra & quot ; to the us consultant kardashian during one of their concerts in new york . 
japan renace after the earthquake 
the gdp overall a 1,5 % thank the consumption helping and being end to the spiral of that set in march 
since the last month of march the economy japanese was paralysed , still convaleciente the devastating earthquake that addendum in a crisis nuclear , the worst disaster that the country since the ii war world . 
the first estimates the government of tokio cifraron the losses materials in 300.000 million of dollars , a coup that , despite the difficult context world , seems have atenuado . 
after of three continuation consecutivos of , the fact the internal product gross between july and september was for to website , definitely : the gdp a 1,5 % in compared with the previous quarter and a 6 % in rate anualizada . 
the recorded in the second quarter - for the japanese , the year tax beginning in march of 2012 - is , also , the greater pace of growth since the period of january to march of 2010 . 
the recovery it , in part , the repunte of the buying of machinery for restored the areas asoladas the and the of tsunami . 
of fact , the companies by their investment in a 1,1 % , with the declining the 0,9 % in expenditure of capital that observed of january to march , the first been after of six months of startling ininterrumpidas . 
without however , the real revulsivo of the economy japanese not on exclusively in the momentum he that foot to take the crisis for strengthen - or rebuild - the infrastructure , servirse of the shortcomings for grow since zero . 
japan has foul , on all , thank to the development the consumption helping , that in the today represents the 60 % the gdp . 
this one a 1 % , empujada the increase the expenditure in vehicles , travel and activities of leisure . 
the stigma the yen 
tokio has encomendado the internal market , when the yen - the currency nipona - has become in one of the & quot ; values refuge & quot ; escogidos the investors that fleeing of the crisis of debt in the area euro and the shady forecasts of ee.uu . , a privileged that overvalued as a losa in the accounts of the companies exportadoras . 
with a motto more strong , the products are more expensive in the abroad , a seriously reverse for a country whose line of economic next certain the health of the large groups itc . 
toyota or sony , example , achacaron their weak results between july and september to the prices the yen . 
while the markets are with their asedio to the countries troubled of the eu , the government of yoshihiko noda not low the issues . 
& quot ; there that be to to the risks that standards , as the deterioration of some foreign economies , the impact of the floods of thailand and the fast opinion the yen & quot ; , pointed yesterday the secretary of state of economic policy , motohisa furukawa . 
and , in effect , the prospects not are encouraging . 
the organisation for the cooperation and the economic development ( oecd ) that the majority of the countries member tabled in september signs more of economic realm . 
the indicator that anticipa the points of turning in the economy world it of highlighted that the main powers are frenando . 
already that bowed four to the 100,4 points , with to the 100,8 of august . 
the area euro , even , below of the average , that is in the level 100 , the precipitarse eight to the 99,13 points . 
athens again to to the doubt 
papadimos says that the adjustments , but the conservatives not no compromise writing 
with the premiums of peripheral risk disparadas and the uncertainty reinstalada in the , greece still enredando in the laberinto that leads towards the an of the great crisis of debt european . 
the that of that the & quot ; consensus & quot ; the new government of transition heleno next more tax the demands of brussels that a genuine convincing of the forces policies beginning to permanently with facts . 
while the new first minister , lukas papadimos , yesterday that not there alternative for the structural reforms and that the period of hundred days agreed in their designation perhaps be short for implement , the leader the conservative party new democracy , antonis samaras , aseguraba that not new measures of austerity in no case and their demand of new elections for the date measures , the 19 of february . 
& quot ; the main task of this government is apply the decisions of the summit the 26 of october & quot ; , papadimos the open yesterday a debate parliamentary that culminate morning with a vote of confidence the new executive . 
a package with 24 programmes for promote the employment , the reform the code disciplined of the officials and new measures against the evasion tax will the first initiatives . 
without however , the message of samaras not despeja the doubt on their position : & quot ; we we committed to help the government of transition , but not we we committed to more nothing & quot ; . 
the conservative leader was a pasito more far in their pulso to the eu and the imf , the bodies that must desbloquear the 8.000 million that athens needs with urgent , and he clear that not will their seen good to no letter of compromise of get of the adjustments . 
but the commission european , escocida still the impact caused the the referendum of papandreu , yesterday that their demand is firm : not the aid if the new government and the leaders of the main parties helenos not firman & quot ; a compromise writing without ambiguity and what before possible & quot ; . 
the spokesman of economic affairs , amadeu altafaj , he that the inspectors of the kinshasa & quot ; very soon & quot ; to athens for be with the new government & quot ; what that needs for pay the sixth by & quot ; of 8.000 million , although not there date final . 
the madeja greek still has balance for pink . 
lazy sofia : & quot ; are instruments for the progress and the hope & quot ; 
the as least the place & quot ; preponderante & quot ; of spain in relationship to this kind of finance 
spain & quot ; has reached a place preponderante to level world in the role of the microfinanzas & quot ; . 
the as lazy sofia reminded yesterday that the country has become in these two last decades in the second donor the with in relationship to this intrumento of cooperation , whose & quot ; essence & quot ; pointed that as in be a & quot ; instrument for the social progress , the justice and the hope of a future better for whole the humanity , based in the confidence in the be human & quot ; . 
the as kind yesterday the greens summit world the microcredit in valladolid with the convincing of that & quot ; not there doubt & quot ; of that is kind of operations are & quot ; absolutely viable & quot ; for achieve the objectives the millennium schedules nations un with horizon 2015 , and , & quot ; very especially , in started that has as target the reduction to the half the volume of people that live with lower income to a dolar daily , with in the that set the & quot ; threshold of poverty & quot ; . 
spain & quot ; still working & quot ; for further the network of beneficiaries & quot ; to all the they the planet , and moderating this task with & quot ; responsibility & quot ; , pointed lazy sofia , that expectation that the initiatives and contributions that originen in the summit , that to the thursday , & quot ; ashamed the creation of new capacities and best opportunities for the more poor , and on all for the women & quot ; , main charity of these loans . 
are & quot ; many the infrastructural achievements & quot ; and & quot ; many the challenges to the that we faced & quot ; . 
the summit the microcredit with not only as a forum of debate , but also as the platform since the that promote & quot ; two metas in & quot ; . 
so , their majestad he that is to that to end of 2015 are 175 the million of poor families that have accedido to these financial services and that hundred million of these who out the threshold of poverty in the that are ragamuffin . 
the momentum in the view of the in spain and in the rest the world & quot ; has followed the schedule generated ago years of way europe & quot ; muhammad yunus , resalto lazy sofia as a & quot ; act of justice and recognition because & quot ; . 
and is that described the father of this tool as a & quot ; idealistic admirable in the cause universal of the fight against the poverty & quot ; , whose work known since ago 15 years , when the as was to bangladesh for know on the ground their policy of loans . 
to this experience you trialogues a more year later the first summit world in washington and other events as the celebrados in at of place in 1999 , canada 2006 , and & quot ; in all i been area the continual development & quot ; , he their majestad , whose link with this project you sway yesterday the calificativo of the & quot ; head of family & quot ; congregada in valladolid part the & quot ; baquero of the poor & quot ; . 
finally , the as lazy sofia brought their intervention animando to the present to participate in the debate and in the search of solutions for move in the fight against the poverty . 
& quot ; imperativo relativism & quot ; 
the minister of foreign affairs , trinidad , warned that the solidarity & quot ; is a imperativo relativism & quot ; for all democratic state . 
in this sense , an that would a mistake link the cooperation with paises in ways of development to of economic bonanza , already that is a & quot ; duty permanent & quot ; . 
was that the neurodegenerative & quot ; a serious policy and thorough dedicada to eradicate the poverty & quot ; , and now & quot ; more that never & quot ; the governments of countries developed must work under criteria of solidarity and not to that this be victim of the cuts . 
for spain , the microcredit is in & quot ; a of the main lines of cooperation the development & quot ; . 
their part , the addressed of state of international cooperation , soraya , & quot ; the success & quot ; of to & quot ; confidence & quot ; to the people & quot ; recruits to who all close the doors & quot ; ; and the mayor of valladolid , which javier was of the riva , was the welcome to the present to a city that & quot ; opens their doors contagiada the spirit am & quot ; . 
the badge proposes choose the european president suffrage universal 
the first day the congress of the union ( badge ) , the monday 14 of november , in leipzig , has appropriations without large difficulties for angela angela , chancellor and president the party . 
at not had including in the order the day the future of europe , but the issue imposed in autumn , in particular for satisfy to the fighters that they that the policy the government is currently too little strict with the greeks and could become in a future with the italian . 
the motion on the presidency of the commission european , proposal the direction , adopted virtually unanimity . 
of the 1.001 delegates , so only registered nine votes in against and ten abstenciones . 
the standing ovation of several minutes that ganaron , with their speeches , angela angela and , after several hours , wolfgang , the minister of finance , despejan any possible doubt . 
the idea key of the chancellor , and of the motion , short in a motto : the answer to the crisis & quot ; not is least europe , but more europe & quot ; . 
not only because europe is the peace , but also because & quot ; nine million of jobs on directly the euro & quot ; . 
for the chancellor , & quot ; has come the time of open way in europe & quot ; . 
this could motivational in amendments the treaty of lisbon for allow strengthen the control of the union european on the budgetary policies of the countries of the area the euro , although also could desembocar in the election the president of the commission european suffrage universal for & quot ; i a face to europe & quot ; . 
in all case , that is a of the proposals of the motion adopted the congress , clearly idea of . 
without doubt , is little likely that the bringing come quickly to a agreement on this radical change : great britain shows hostile to he and the leaders of the badge seem know that nicolas sarkozy also . 
but the accept is on the ground . 
another on , the delegates have rejected a majority election the proposal of ponderar the weight of every country of the directive the central bank european in role the weight of every economy , what which obviously the weight of germany . 
ansiosa calmar the encouraged in the internal of their party , the chancellor has increased the no to konrad adenauer and helmut kohl . but not is that has tried who to their congress to at of the & quot ; small & quot ; countries european or of the countries in difficulties prepared to criticise to the arrogant germany . 
although the motion on europe he a paragraph to the importance of & quot ; the friendship franco-alemana & quot ; , angela angela not has mentado to france . 
unless of last . 
still that , ago two centuries , in a bloody battle in leipzig . 
of fact , was a of the more derrotas humiliating for the army of rostopchine . 
the impact the fraud in the in disease 
after the benefits , the ump and the government emprenden a for against the in disease . 
nicolas sarkozy will the tuesday 15 of november in bordeaux for visiting a responsible box of the benefits family and use a speech on the issue , already recurrent since 2007 , of the fight against the social fraud and the . 
also , for her as for , that part of the will of save of way thorough , but still so reminds to a which of the presidential campaign of right , the majority to firstly in the in disease . 
in first place , for apply cuts budgetary : the government for impose to the workers the private sector a fourth day of we before of power catch the low . 
in final , unless that there a convention of specific company , a worker that caiga ill lose four days of wage , is say , a minimum the 15 % of their income month . 
is of a measure that could its a wave of ira , but that would save 280 million of eur , according them echos . 
also , would accompanied of other measure with a reach more symbolic : impose to the officials a day of we without remains in case of low labour ( to the time , not have we , with to the three days that apply in the private sector ) . 
while debaten these issues , the majority again to to on the table also the issue the fraud , this time looking towards the abuses of the in labour . 
& quot ; will to incrementarse significantly the controls and , also , if which to someone planned a fraud , must reembolsar the & quot ; , warned xavier bertrand talking in the rtl the sunday 13 of november . 
the as that in the other cases , the effects the announcement seem slightly desproporcionados for the reality the fraud in on of in labour . 
of fact , since 2002 of a monitoring constant of this question and have it various offensive policies that , normally , have given emerged . 
the french not enferman more that in the rest of europe . 
handed with attention , in first place , the national figures . 
according the institute french of the social security ( cnam ) , in 2006 more abonaron of 237 million of eur in particular in labour . 
according the institute french of research and documents in economy of the health , the benefits the in representaron , in 2008 , the 5 % the expenditure health , ascendiendo to 11.300 million of eur . 
of this sum , the 46 % is to the in leave and accidents labour , while that the 54 % is related with the in disease , figure that out to 6.200 million of eur . 
therefore , the 2,5 % the expenditure in health . 
in 2010 , the french have cogido a average of 14,5 days of low labour , with to 17,8 in 2009 , according a study the group soul consulting . 
a average that , without doubt , behind government : other survey , published in 2007 the syrian of professional management monster.com , mostraba that the 75 % of the 40.000 french workers encuestados rushing that not had cogido not a only day of low disease . 
another study , in this case of the assurance maladie , that that in 2010 the 37 % of the in disease had a an than to 8 days , the 22 % of between 8 and 14 days , the 15 % of between 15 days and a month , the 15 % of between one and three months and the 11 % were more extended . 
if the compared with our european neighbours , the workers french not are more propensos that in other areas to catch in disease . 
a long study done in 2010 two researchers the cnrs top that , between 1994 and 2001 , the rate of global lack the work ( therefore reasons of health as of another kind ) oscilaba , in france , between the 10 % and the 11 % , with to a 20 % and a 28 % in denmark , a 15 % in uk uk or between a 16 % and a 18 % in the countries netherlands . 
the fraud in the in disease not is especially significant in compared with the work not declared . 
the fraud has a reach quite limited . 
the forward of the legislation , since 2002 , has caused that the controls of the in disease of more of 45 days are . 
in 2008 , of 1,5 million of inspections , the cnam , in a 13 % of the 285.000 by , that the in of short an were & quot ; gaps or too we & quot ; , is say , 37.050 cases . 
in the case of the in of more of 45 days , untreated to , was that the 11 % of the cases were & quot ; rightly adaptados or injustificados ; a figure that , taking as starting a total of 1,2 million , out to 132.000 . 
therefore , high a total of 169.000 cases & quot ; injustificados & quot ; between several million of workers that cogieron a low disease . 
without doubt , a figure it in compared , example , with the work in black . 
according the member of the ump dominique tian , author of a report on this question in june , this practice will losses of income tax of between 9.000 and 15.000 million of eur the year , is say , more that the total cost of the benefits in and , without doubt , significantly more that the fraud in this last area . 
: greece must apply a new plan of adjustment 
greece will to laws a new plan of adjustment for getting their economy . 
this is what that declared the monday 14 of november , the first minister lucas to the parliament ; added also that the hundred days that have granted to their government of union not for achieve as aim . 
& quot ; for to efforts that will to the recovery of the economy , need the support of our european partners and a new programme of adjustment budgetary & quot ; , declared the head the government , that pronunciaba their first speech public during the opening the debate on the vote of confidence the parliament the wednesday . 
the execution of the decisions taken during the summit of the area the euro the 27 of october will the & quot ; main task & quot ; the new government , since that & quot ; is in game & quot ; the permanencia the country in the area the euro , added . 
in result , has to that the deficit public the country will & quot ; to around the 9 % & quot ; the gdp before of end of year , after achieve a 10,6 % in 2010 and a 15,7 % in 2009 . 
the right this new measures of austerity 
antonis samaras , the head the group of right , was the monday their support to the measures already regulatory for try out of the crisis of the debt , but has having that their party not with measures of additional austerity . 
& quot ; not vote in favour of new measures & quot ; , said during a meeting with the members of their party & quot ; new democracy & quot ; . 
pointed that was of agreement with the objectives of reduction the deficit and of the debt , so as of fight against the funded , but in against of any policy that fanaticism the economic recovery . 
to olli rehn , commissioner european of economic affairs and monetary , that warned of that the imf and the eu not the also of 8.000 million of necessary eur without a guarantee written the support of all the parties to the measures will , for samaras has answer that their word would enough and that not nothing to cause of the external pressure . 
a committee of experts says that must legalizarse the euthanasia and the suicide attended 
the canadians live denied the death , according that the report of the society real of canada 
in on of palliative care , the committee excellently that the governments , the institutions of assistance health and the doctors colaboren for ensure the best care palliative , and not only in the cases of cancer . 
the society canadian lives denied the death . 
of fact , so only 9 % of the canadians is now to about with their doctor on the conditions in that want die and take provisions to as effect . 
is of a of the conclusions of a tremendous report of the society real of canada , that chamber with the participation of six experts of various areas , including the relativism , the legal and the doctor . 
this committee should the government that are the code criminal of way that to the suicide attended and the euthanasia , when the patient with this option and has been who responsible for take the decision . 
for start , the experts citan a recent survey of the economist chief unit that the quality of the death in 40 countries the world . 
although canada taken the tenth since , the study out that & quot ; the of the death in canada has led a culture in the that the people have fear of try the issue of the death & quot ; . 
with medication or not , the 77 % of the canadians not have access to care palliative , according show the experts earmarked the society real of canada . 
and , to despite of that the majority of the canadians to die in home , the 68,6 % of them has falleciendo in the hospital . 
in whole , the more rate high in this sense the with , where a 86 % of the deaths is in the hospital . 
in what concerning the delicate issue of the euthanasia and the suicide attended , the authors the report came to conclusions that not line with the position the federal government , that already has declared that not to you the code criminal in relationship with the euthanasia and the suicide attended . 
without however , according the experts , that also have studied the situation in all the countries where these practices have been legalizadas or not are a crime criminal , not there no test of that the fact of that not are considered a crime criminal not has caused a abuse of their implementation , is say , the use of the euthanasia or the suicide attended with people not competent or that not would given their consent . 
jocelyn downie , coautora the report , tenders yesterday teleconferencia that , the contrary , more observaban tripping in those countries where not have legalised the euthanasia not the suicide attended . 
& quot ; in canada practices the euthanasia , although is clearly illegal & quot ; . 
& quot ; in canada practices the suicide attended , although is clearly illegal & quot ; , it jocelyn downie . 
the canadians , favourable to the euthanasia 
remember that the 85 % of the canadians already have spoken to favour of the euthanasia , since that opinion that would to the people whose death is next alleviate their suffering , according that a survey of angus reid so in 2010 . 
also , the 66 % believe that the fact of metock the euthanasia not will to understand that the life of the people elderly or with has least value . 
in as to the people that have practicado the suicide attended , the 41 % of the encuestados view that not should cartoon a process against them . 
in relationship with the peacekeeping or interruption of the assistance health to a patient , the situation not is so clear , according show the authors the report . 
also , between their recommendations suggest that footprint in the code criminal that the withdrawal of the care health , if have rejected legally , not is a crime criminal . 
the committee of experts calls also that forme to the professionals health in the duty of respect the fact of that a patient rejection the assistance the end of their life without fear to have to a concession . 
in on of palliative care , the committee excellently that the governments , the institutions of assistance health and the doctors colaboren for ensure the best care palliative , and not only in the cases of cancer . 
last , in relationship with the sedating palliative or terminal , that already used extensamente in the institutions health of canada , the committee calls that , unless that for for reduce the physical pain , unpleasant as euthanasia and able to the ourselves procedures . 
other experts manifiestan reserves 
other experts the area the right of health already have said their reserves in relationship with the conclusions the report of the experts of the society real of canada . 
pierre deschamps , specialist in right of the health , has described of & quot ; extreme & quot ; the position of the experts that firman the report , between other things because not limited the practice of the euthanasia to the people in terminal stage . 
& quot ; this is the open door to a situation in the that someone that is cansado of live and have more of 18 years can to aid for lives & quot ; , out deschamps , that yesterday a short the report . 
the mr least deschamps also that the authors the report seem to priority to the personal autonomy on any another value of the society . 
now well , adds that & quot ; in society , there labels and constraints & quot ; . 
the specialist in right of the health margaret somerville also expressed their & quot ; strong opposition & quot ; with regard to the conclusions the report , that as of & quot ; clear to favour of the euthanasia & quot ; . 
margaret somerville , that also belongs to the society real of canada , being in abkhazia of trial especially the lack of abuse in certain countries where the euthanasia and the suicide attended are legal , as in the countries netherlands and in . 
the king of jordan encouraged the president the asad to leave the power 
damascus concession a & quot ; plot & quot ; 
syria is every more time standing 
the partisanos of bachar the asad demonstrated yesterday to the building the ministry of foreign affairs . 
yesterday valencia the diplomatic pressure on the syria of bachar the asad that , with the support of russia , the resiste and concession that there a & quot ; plot & quot ; against the country . 
two days after of the from of syria part of the league arab , the union european has reinforced the sanctions against damascus , while that turkey and jordan , vecinas of syria , have said to favour the abandoning the power the president asad . 
the king abdullah ii of jordan was yesterday the first leader arab that asked the president bachar the asad that & quot ; abandon the power & quot ; in syria , where already have died a cuarentena of civil and of member of the forces the regime . 
& quot ; if bachar really concerned their country , should resign , also of create the necessary conditions for a new stage of the life policy syria & quot ; , said the king of jordan , country neighbour of syria , in a interview for the bbc . 
their part , the head of the diplomacy turkish , ahmet davutoglu , has him that the efforts of amicable that has being turkey since beginning of year with the regime syrian have over in a failure . 
& quot ; who not are in peace in the east half with their people and not be satisfacerles , & quot ; , declared excuses to syria , country neighbour with regard the which turkey is introducing a position every more time hard . 
their part , after the decisions of the league arab and of the union european , the states united have fact that has & quot ; reinforced the consensus against asad and the actions the regime & quot ; syrian . 
& quot ; the international community , the states united , the eu , the league arab and other countries , as turkey , are introducing a discern every more time hard & quot ; with regard to the repression in syria , out mark toner , spokesman the department of state . 
while therefore , already have lost the life 16 civil and the least 19 member of the forces the regime in the region of deraa , in the southern of syria , according has announced the centre syrian of the rights human ( osdh ) . 
other two civil have died & quot ; during bombing and tiroteos with machine indeed in jobar & quot ; in the city asediada of homs , according that this ngos . 
during a wheel of press , the minister syrian of foreign affairs , walid the mualem , as their part that the country & quot ; is towards the end of the crisis & quot ; . 
also , has reacted strongly to the decision of the league arab of decision to damascus of their duties , what which in their opinion is & quot ; a dangerous step & quot ; . 
syria & quot ; not & quot ; , added , thus that & quot ; the complots tramados against syria & quot ; . 
after the decision of decision to syria , currently the league arab investigated a & quot ; mechanism of protection of civil & quot ; and to send to 500 member of organisations arab of human rights , of the media and military observers the country . 
the minister french of foreign affairs , alain , also has said their support the sending of observers of the un for make to protect to the civil with to the repression the regime that , in their opinion , within in the & quot ; paranoia & quot ; . 
is to that take a new extraordinary meeting of the league morning in rabat for to to point the implementation the plan of an of the crisis adopted the 2 of november that for , in particular , the withdrawal of the forces armed of the cities that are in hands of the opposition and the liberation of the demonstrators detention . 
the minister russian of foreign affairs , serguei lavrov , has who yesterday as & quot ; wrong & quot ; the decision of the league arab , while that china instaba to syria to apply the plan of an of the crisis , although not manifestaba their support to the implementation of possible sanctions against damascus . 
italy 
monti calls time to the markets and handouts to the italian 
the future head the government italian , monti , has asked something of time to the markets for be their team and to in a programme that include & quot ; handouts & quot ; for to to the credibility delayed during the last months the government of illiberal . 
the former european commissioner indian yesterday with the political parties and today met with the trade and the patronal . 
should be a gabinete relatively restricted , up technocrats integrated the parliament . 
& quot ; monti has about of a broader programme with many handouts & quot ; , said francesco nucara , member of one of the small boom parliamentary groups that took in the events , after have gathered with the president the council he . 
their part , the president of the house of members , gianfranco fini , has claimed that expected that monti solicite before the friday a vote of confidence the parliament for ensure that the new government he of enough support . 
the consultations standardise with the presentation , part the mr monti , of a list limited , without doubt of a dozen of ministers , the head of state , establishing napolitano . 
monti has speakers the nerviosismo of the markets and of the obligacionistas yesterday , express time . 
in the & quot ; democracy , there a deadlines precise & quot ; for be a government and preparation their programme , skills , that is & quot ; sure of that the markets will paciencia and what & quot ; . 
their designation the president at successful the by of the markets , but after imposed the concern , in particular after a fall imprevista of the industrial production in the area the euro in september . 
the first minister he should create a team mainly have technocrats , even if has striking that you like include to & quot ; political & quot ; . 
the new government must work to 2013 , date of the next legislative , as . 
according the president of the house of members , gianfranco fini , the new government leverage the vote of confidence the parliament before the friday . 
monti has committed to that , when take the office , taking in account the urgent and with the aim of that italy & quot ; unparalleled their fading & quot ; in europe . 
a spokesman the commissioner european olli rehn has striking that & quot ; even with a new government , not our diagnosis of the economy italian & quot ; . 
the eu , convinced of that rome not reach their aim of to a balance budgetary in 2013 to despite of the plans of austerity adopted during the last months , has asked the adoption of new measures of rigour . 
the & quot ; summoned of the heads & quot ; italian emma marcegaglia , that you be the mates , stressed also in the need of promote the economy , & quot ; since that a country that not overall not can respect the requirements in on of deficit & quot ; . 
monti , famous their competition and their independence as commissioner european ( 1994-2004 ) , is a & quot ; change of time & quot ; for italy after 17 years of & quot ; berlusconismo & quot ; ; the & quot ; professor & quot ; symbolises & quot ; the challenge of the seriously & quot ; and & quot ; other italy & quot ; , according claim the editorialistas . 
the great will the longevity of their team . 
the president napolitano to avoid elections conduct , since that italy has that suppose before of april of 2012 a 200.000 million of eur in obligations of state . 
a scientific russian has colaborado with the programme nuclear as 
a scientific russian , vycheslav danilenko , has colaborado with iran in the development of a detonador that can use with a weapon nuclear , according said the monday a ngos american was in the risk no . 
for the identification the researchers , the institute of science and international security ( isis ) on in a recent report of the international agency of the atomic energy ( aiea ) and in other documents worldwide this agency of the un . 
the aiea manifestaba the last week their & quot ; serious concern & quot ; a & quot ; possible military dimension & quot ; the programme nuclear as . 
according the isis , desire extensamente in documents of the aiea , danilenko , born in 1934 , would worked during three decades , since the years 1960 , in a centre military nuclear soviet in tcheliabinsk ( oural ) and would participated in the manufacture of diamonds at explosion . 
in 1989 or 1991 , would abandoned the centre for be a company at in the production of & quot ; coating & quot ; in are . 
the economic problems of their company you would taken to only in contact , in 1995 , with the embassy of iran in ukraine . 
after , believe that with the programme as between 1996 and 2002 , before of return to russia . 
in their last report , the aiea mentions that there & quot ; clear signs of that iran is developing & quot ; a system of nuclear & quot ; with the aid of a expert abroad , that not only was well the technical , but that also , according has informed a state member to the agency , worked during the greater part of their career in this technology in the programme military nuclear of their country of origin & quot ; . 
the crimes and crimes against muslims have increased a 50 % 
the crimes and crimes against the muslims have increased close of a 50 % between 2009 and 2010 , while that , in the same period , the other types of racial violence and religious have has or increased only slightly , according show the statistics premises the fbi the monday . 
according these figures , the number total of acts of violence committed against muslims has last of 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , is say , has increased in a 49 % , with to a takes the 13 % in the case of the acts of violence against the , a reduction the 4 % in the crimes against jews and a global increase the 14 % in the number of crimes and crimes antirreligiosos . 
the number total of & quot ; crimes of hatred & quot ; has grown slightly to the 6.628 cases , of the which a 47,3 % must to differences whipped and a 20 % to religious differences , according that the fbi . 
& quot ; after a decline in 2009 , is worrying that have again to increase this kind of crimes and crimes & quot ; , skills the organisation of defence of the rights human human human instigation , & quot ; the increase of the acts of violence against muslims is especially significant & quot ; , added the organisation in a release . 
& quot ; human human instigation has much time by that the violence against the muslims , so as all the types of crimes of hatred , should be a serious violation of the rights human & quot ; , adds a responsible of the organisation , paul legendre . 
& quot ; the government us can and must esforzarse to end to these abuses & quot ; , adds , recital that these efforts could include a improvement of the reports of the police on the & quot ; crimes of hatred & quot ; . 
the & quot ; crime of hatred & quot ; in the federal right us of the time of the fight the rights civil . 
this legislation adopted after the death of martin luther king for punish the acts of violence with to the race , the colour of the fur , the religion , the origin and , now , the sexual gradient . 
twitter changing their platform and seems more to facebook 
the website of microblogging twitter setting the monday the presentation of their platform for allow to their users , in particular , observed the activity of the people to the that are , what which from that their service some a little more the of facebook . 
a new & quot ; activity & quot ; and other call & quot ; name & quot ; it to more legiblemente and in direct the activity of other & quot ; twittos & quot ; , is say , of those internautas whose messages ( & quot ; tweets & quot ; ) still in internet or that you are to you . 
this allows know if are monitoring to messages , if abonan to new accounts , if as of bookmakers some message , etc . 
this new formula of twitter & quot ; with a small percentage of users in august & quot ; before of difundirla the rest of the network the monday , according has signalled to the afp the spokesman of twitter , carolyn penner . 
twitter , that was known their functioning little instintivo , with terms slightly ( rt for reenviar a message of other person , followfriday pour recommander of suivre a autre utilisateur ) faisant you bonheur , be & apos ; ouvre ainsi to a public drive present avec a maniement comparable drive to celui public cardiff facebook et google + . 
in the network , the users have debated to coup of & quot ; tweets & quot ; with different views the interest of this innovation . 
& quot ; is pointless , is invasiva and seems too to facebook & quot ; , says @ jemb123 . 
& quot ; the role activity i will to help to to better some elements of my flow twitter & quot ; , says @ dannykronstrom . 
austria 
introduction of a & quot ; rule of gold & quot ; budgetary in the constitution 
the government of great social coalition / democratacristiano that is in the power in austria has decided the tuesday include in the constitution a & quot ; rule of gold & quot ; budgetary for reduce the deficit public and , so , avoid a possible exacerbate of the note sovereign of austria part of the agencies of rating rating ( three to ) . 
was the own social chancellor , werner faymann , who announced this decision after a council of ministers , when the debt austrian public high the 74,6 % , a figure very higher the limit maximum the 60 % at the treaty of maastricht , but clearly than to the debts of countries as italy , greece or spain . 
& quot ; if redujese the solvency of austria in a only level , of aaa to aa + , we that pay 3.000 million of more eur in interests every year & quot ; , pointed the dalmau democratacristiano of foreign affairs , gahler spindelegger . 
austria react so to a request of the summit of brussels to the countries member of the area the euro the last 26 of october : in it , the heads of state and of government were the inclusion , before of end of 2012 , of the reduction the deficit public and of the recovery the balance of the public accounts in the constitution or in a law with value equivalent . 
the has adopted the government austriaco aproxima the & quot ; model german & quot ; , since that germany was the first country european that adopted that kind of & quot ; rule & quot ; . 
before of 2017 , the deficit structural public should decrease every year in a 0,75 % the internal product gross ( gdp ) and , to from the 2017 , the deficit structural public the federal state not should overcome every year the 0,35 % the gdp , while that the regional states , so as the comunas , should present budgets equilibrados . 
the aim is in that , towards 2020 / 2021 , the debt radical public under the criterion the 60 % at the treaty of maastricht . 
a strong yen 
noda threat with a new intervention the market of change 
the first minister , yoshihiko noda , warned the tuesday of that the authorities niponas has the some the change if the yen was increasing . 
& quot ; intervendremos , as as what did the last time , if comprobamos that is a excessive volatility & quot ; in the kind of change the yen , he noda the senate . 
the tuesday , the yen was to achieve a next levels to the historical were that there the intervention of the authorities japonesas the 31 of october . 
at day , tokio miscalculations masivamente yenes dollars for down the value of the motto nipona , that had of achieve a new record since 1945 in compared with the currency us . 
but the yen has gone remontando gradually since then , perceptive the purchases of investors that what they a & quot ; value refuge & quot ; in these times inciertos of economic realm world and of crisis of debt in europe . 
the dollar to again to cotizarse the tuesday to least of 77 yenes and the euro has fallen below of the symbolic barra of 105 yenes , alcanzando a next levels to the that wave the last intervention . 
before of the financial crisis of 2008-2009 , the dollar cotizaba to around of 120 yenes and the euro to more of 160 yenes . 
this explosion of the motto nipona particularly to the exports the , since that encarece the products made in japan and reduces the value of the income results in the abroad the companies japonesas when the become to the national currency . 
& quot ; japan is fighting reconstruirse & quot ; after the and the tsunami the 11 of march , that devastaron the region of tohoku ( deliver ) , skills noda , that afraid that the encarecimiento the yen court of result the weak recovery . 
the third economic power world has regained the growth in the third quarter ( a 1,5 % in relationship with the previous quarter ) , first time in a year , thank to a increase of the exports and the consumption of the who affected the disaster . 
but the first minister as that the high level the yen not reflejaba the & quot ; economic foundations of japan & quot ; . 
the minister of finance , jun azumi , has asked the bank of japan ( boj ) , that kind the tuesday a meeting of two days of their council of policy monetary , that take all the possible measures for debilitar the yen . 
without however , the governor deputy of the institution , hirohide yamaguchi , warned of that the boj already had taken & quot ; the measures right & quot ; , giving to understand that not should esperarse a greater flexibility monetary the wednesday . 
during their last meeting to end of october , the institute of emission increased in five billion of yenes ( 47.000 million of eur ) their purchases of you the about , moment to the 55 billion of yenes ( 519.000 million of eur ) the threshold of the funds that he to the not of various financial titles for inundar the market of liquidity . 
area the euro : 
the types crecen , the regulator flaquean 
the risk of infection of the crisis of the debt still perjudicando to the nation european . 
to despite the appointment of new heads of government in greece and italy , so as of best figures of growth in france and germany , the types of the more countries debilitados are increasing . 
still worried the stability of the stability of the area the euro , the regulator european rooted a little more in the negative area the tuesday 15 of november . 
in paris , to the 10 hours , the cac 40 lose a 1,4 % and at to 3.064 points . 
the dax lose in frankfurt a 0,4 % and in london a 0,1 % . 
& quot ; taking in account the new tensions in relationship with the practising of the loans of the states of the area the more euro affected , the markets of all the world are sorry part of their recent earnings & quot ; . 
& quot ; the investors , nerviosos , are perfectly aware the risk of infection & quot ; , it terry pratt , institutional corridor in ig markets , he the agency taras . 
the exchange of tokio has closed with a fall of 0,7 % , meda the concerns of the controllers the market in relationship with the capacity of europe of contain the crisis of the debt . 
& quot ; japan , as the rest the world , has the look set in europe and the trade will in a for of small compensatory , of way that the investors not will evidence of that the situation has estabilizado & quot ; , as mitsushige akino , managing of funds in ichiyoshi investment management . 
the of the concerns the future of the area the euro affects to the currency only , that still bajando the tuesday . 
the euro still in their more level under since ago a month and half . 
towards the 10 hours , the motto european worth 1,3570 dollars , a fall the 0,4 % . 
according the corridors , has lost value after of that the party of the chancellor angela angela , the badge , that met the monday in the congress , adoptase a motion that for , in particular , the option of that a country in difficulties saliese of the area the euro without leave the union european . 
the italian types and spaniards over with creces the 6 % 
the types crediticios of italy and spain a to a levels very worrying . 
the tuesday the morning , the performance of the italian obligations to 10 years reached the 6,85 % , while that the titles spaniards the same a 6,2 % . 
these tensions in relationship with the types of interest of the countries the southern , although also of france , are alimentando the fears of the controllers . 
the head the future government italian , monti , has asked time to the markets for improve the situation in italy , that at the risk of asfixiarse with the weight of their debt . 
the new first minister greek lucas papademos , their part has claimed that the implementation of the decisions taken in the summit of the area the euro the 27 of october would the & quot ; work main & quot ; of their government . 
spain is in the point of beggar of the markets , while that the sunday couple there the elections legislative . 
the difference of the types ( & quot ; spread & quot ; ) between the obligations to 10 years in germany and spain , has reached a new historic maximum . 
to the expected of the figures of growth of the area the euro 
since the point of statistical view , france has recorded a economic growth the 0,4 % in the third quarter , is say , a figure more favourable that the 0,3 % to , impulsada the consumption helping . 
the insee , without however , has revised to the low the figure the second quarter , with a reduction the 0,1 % the internal product gross ( gdp ) in place of a extends . 
also , the fourth quarter is the that really concerned to the economists . 
germany , their part , has recorded a growth the 0,5 % in the same period . 
out the first forecasts for the whole of the area the euro to the 11 hours , after of that the commission european has having on the risk of a new recession . 
policy energy : 
the facts must assert more that the dogmas 
if there a issue that not can try taking in account considerations of short term or simply thinking in the emotion , is the policy energy . 
the availability and the cost of the electricity on directly in the power purchasing and in the competitiveness of the companies . 
is appropriate that a electoral i be the time of think on such issues and on the place of the energy nuclear . 
the debate only will useful if investigated the whole of the economic consequences , social and environmental of the options proposals . 
the french must resorted their opinion in facts objectives , in data conservativism . 
now that we 7.000 million of people in the planet , the demographic development some the duplication of the demand we before of 2050 , to least that prive to a huge part of the population world of a element vital . 
the same time , will that unsustainability the shortage every time greater of the resources fossil for to have electricity continually , without forget the imperiosa need of reduce the emissions of gases of effect greenhouse for fight against the change climate , a issue that has disappeared the ecological debate . 
the accident of fukushima not change none of these parameters . 
that , germany away single in their decision of up to the energy nuclear . 
that not is the case not of belgium , that hearing the their to the need of find a capable source of sustituirla , not of switzerland , that only has aim central build of last generation . 
another on , great britain , finland , poland , republic czech , countries netherlands , sweden , south , china , india and brazil , quote some examples , are forward with determination with their projects . 
the states united , their on , after fukushima you add a unit to their park , retomando the construction of a central interrumpida after the accident of three mile island . 
if the model german , based in the renewable energy , is in times as example , the reality will in against of as speech . 
the election of berlin will to mean a encarecimiento the price of the electricity , a greater on energy the need incrementada of gas imported , in particular of russia , a increase of the emissions of co2 the construction of central of gas and of coal . 
in a months , the harmful effects . 
must meditarse on the case of denmark . 
of europe in the sector , the which this the 30 % of their electricity , also is one of the large users of coal and of gas because to the intermitencia the wind ; this reason , their emissions of co2 and the price of their electricity are , respectively , a 65 % and a 50 more % high that the average european . 
the contrary , thank to the have of our policy energy , our neighbours abonan a bill of electricity a 40 higher % to the of the who french . 
while that in a economy rationalisation the cost of the energy is a factor key of the competitiveness and a guarantee the peacekeeping of the industrial usefulness in the national territory , the companies french benefit of the more electricity cheap of europe . 
that reason , any reduction significantly of the energy nuclear contribute a strong takes the price of the electricity , what that realism to the maravillosas statements on the of our country and the defence of our power purchasing . 
is of a price that the great majority of the french refuse to pay and , of fact , not manifiestan opposition principle to that kind of energy , according show the surveys . 
remember that the policy energy of our country has lost build a industrial sector with 125.000 jobs of work director and 410.000 jobs indirectos . 
this looking to the export , of a galaxy of pymes specialist in the international markets and that can create jobs not deslocalizables . 
if france decidiese leave the energy nuclear , contribute the sacrificio of great part of these smes and the loss of the 6.000 million of eur year in french exports of equipment and nuclear services . 
what electricista a epr designed for work sixty years , when is to the collapse of their manufacturer ? 
for right the equation of the energy nuclear , there that admit that not there a source miracle of production of electricity , the as that not there a source . 
the development part of areva of solutions with in emissions of co2 , nuclear and renewable , shows the nature awareness of the sources of energy . 
in the case of the energy nuclear , is essential keep the maximum level of security . 
in france , we of a authority of security that by a control narrower and transparent therefore on the central existing as on the construction of flamanville . 
our equipment , of recognised professionalism , are also obsessed the security . 
in half century , the sector nuclear has suffered three serious accidents . 
so only one , the of three mile island , in in operational conditions normal ; not was consequences not for the people not for the half environment . 
in chernobyl , the due accident the design the reactor and to a human failures imperdonables . 
in fukushima , some people seem forget that the due accident to two natural disasters of a reach without unprecedented , that wave the death of tens of thousands of people . 
the sector nuclear of this accident , as as what was of the two previous . 
thank to these progress and to a cooperation between the authorities of security , and the operators and builders french and germans , the epr is a capable design of resistir to such phenomena . 
while what estudian all the electric players that want build a central , the interruption of their construction in flamanville would a great gift for the competitors of areva and edf , since that them commodities free way for taking the leadership in the inevitable development the sector nuclear . 
is essential and legitimate to the best options for our country , but would irresponsible to that the ambivalent , the dogmas and the volume partisanas dominasen a debate so important for the economic situation , social and financial of our country . 
the immigration , a burden or a opportunity for the economy ? 
the policy of immigration roundly nicolas sarkozy has been criticada that since various points of view : the of the services police , judicial and administrative subject to the policy of figures , the compatibility of this policy with the statute autoproclamado of & quot ; country of the rights human & quot ; of france . 
more recently , is the administrative harassment of the foreign students the that has saltado to the headlines , with the minister of internal ( the newspaper the 23 of may ) proclamando of last that france & quot ; not needs foreign talentos , workers not camareros & quot ; . 
without however , rarely time analysing since the point of economic view . 
the question is that , on this issue , there quite consensus between the left and the right . 
in the case of the right , jacques chirac the it declarando in 1976 that & quot ; 900.000 unemployed not should be a problem for a country that account with close of two million of workers immigrants & quot ; , while that in the left , the discern what michel rocard explicando that france & quot ; not can done office of whole the misery the world & quot ; in 1990 . 
the only difference , the degree of generosity 
in 2005 , therefore the left as the the fear to the invasion the national territory a a of fontaneros poles . 
to both both , as that the immigrants are a burden for the economy and the society french . 
the only difference is in the degree of generosity with the that act with regard to the immigrants . 
in their programme , hollande limited to include banalidades , those that the codesarrollo will right the & quot ; problem of the migration & quot ; . 
this idea of the immigration as a burden , a problem , perhaps is why electoralmente , but economically its very face . 
as as guarding the economists ian goldin and geoffrey cameron in a recent labour that sums the more knowledge recent on the immigration ( exceptional people : how migration shaped our world and will tighter our future , may of 2011 , princeton university reporter , 352 pp . ) , there a broader consensus between the specialists on the positive impact of the flows migratory in the economic growth , the wages and the employment in the countries that receive immigrants . 
the restrict of the immigration it the growth and particularly the employment . 
the fears related with the impact of the immigrants based in the idea of that these can replace to the national workers , in particular to the little would , pressing for that reduce their wages . 
but the experience shows that , in reality , the immigrants are more well commission that substitutes of the national workers and who mainly professions in sectors with lack of employment . 
the immigrants little would working in sectors that not big to national workers and the more would in dynamic sectors where the training not by the demand of personal . 
a positive effect on the wages 
the same way that a perisic would difficulties for work in a country that have lack of anestesistas , the complementariedad between national and immigrants from that the arrival of these last chance welcome in the wages and the employment of the national . 
taking in account what previous , giovanni peri that a increase the 1 % of the flows migratory is a takes of the real wages to long term of between a 0,6 and a 0,9 % . 
and , without have in account the fact of that the diversity that aportan the immigrants contributes to the creation of ideas and the economic growth ( there a great proportion of prizes nobel americans naturalizados and companies as google , intel , paypal , ebay and yahoo were degrading immigrants ) . 
the immigrants also are dig taxpayers to the social systems , since that aportan of average a 1 % the budget total in the european countries . 
the international organisation the work estimated , example , that in germany a immigrant that when with a age of 30 years operators a contribution neta ( least income expenditure ) of 150.000 eur to the public budgets of average during whole their life . 
the principle of their mandate , nicolas sarkozy wanted go to to the points of growth that you faltaban & quot ; with the nail & quot ; . 
these nail , that disuadieron to the immigrants , had exactly the effect salem . 
europe invented the democracy , only you lack think in a democracy european 
the democracy is a well precious , but also fragile . 
the continent european should power acordarse of this already that , although invented in athens ago more of two billion years , to what long the century the has suffered the tragedies of the war world , totalitarismos , the holocaust , the exalted , but also to very in spain , to salazar in portugal , the coroneles in greece . 
some perhaps up that , for that the democracy triunfase definitely on their enemies , would enough as the vote and the more way direct possible . 
know , since rostopchine & quot ; the small & quot ; , that was of something considered . 
the suffrage universal , although is of a necessary condition for the democracy , not is enough only and even can become in a & quot ; instrument of oppression & quot ; , as said found the republicano etienne vacherot . 
not , the democracy required much more : a space public , a spirit public , values , a organisation , a separation and a control of the powers , a education , go , economic solidarity and social , justice . 
the crisis that we in europe is a economic crisis , but is to point of become in a crisis policy and democratic . 
the palinodia the referendum greek verdadero-falso had , to this regard , a double effect demonstrates : was the need of a return take of the sphere policy , but also the worrying that of their alternatively , of their inconsistency . 
must reflexionarse on this ambivalence for superarla . 
the truth is that the lines the with of the democratic battle currently have desplazado and that , in many cases , the soldiers republicans already not making in the good sense . 
not saldremos gaining if we a succession of national referenda , organised in role of the needs and of way desordenada . 
a signing in white the monarca european all or a high the gap the hole nacionalista : what options for the citizen ! 
not , not we from coups of effect , but a common exercise , of plenary right , relaxed and ongoing , of the options and the democracy , this time to at european . 
not there crisis in greece , italy , spain , portugal ( of fact , not where end the list ) , because only there a crisis , the crisis of europe . 
the whole of europe is the that pliega to the orders of the markets and of the agencies of rating , that the that unaccompanied their powerlessness and their lack of solidarity . 
is the whole of europe the that suffering a humiliation in the international sphere . 
we into the transfer of sovereignty to europe , but is whole europe the that lose slowly the sovereignty and , with it , every a of their nations . 
what more urgent is that the sovereignty popular unparalleled the helm the project european . 
because only together will the european reduce the weight of their debts , shake of the markets and preparation their future by the investment . 
the an of the crisis putting decisions to at european that not will factored without a democratic legitimacy total , unless that be for conducirnos the disaster . 
after have fought during much time against this proposal of the socialists and of jacques delors , all the world calls in the today a economic governance european . 
that so be . 
but think in it without a greater integration policy and democratic , and without that be vivida as as the citizens , would a new madness and we would to a new point died . 
we taking a new stage of the construction european . 
for build the republic in france , was be & quot ; do & quot ; republicans . 
the revolution motivated interests not would enough . 
this lesson still being applies . 
we build a europe more integrated since the point of economic view . 
only will achieve build a europe more democratic in the political level , a real popular sovereignty european . 
for build europe , us european . 
the cards with chip & quot ; without contact & quot ; generalizan 
the scrum world of the cards of chip as the tuesday in villepinte , close of paris , with a positive environment . 
of fact , the year 2011 should conclude with a increase the 11 % in the sales world of cards with microprocesadores ( cards bank , mobile with cards sim , etc. ) , with a total of 6.000 million of units , according are the gabinete eurosmart . 
the more segment take is the of the technology without contact , that allows subscription the transport in common or the purchases simply arena the card to a lector . 
this year in all the world 460 million of cards with chip without contact , 320 million more that the previous year ! 
their share should to increasing in 2012 ( out 580 million of units ) and represent close of a 10 % the market world of the cards with chip ( 6,925 million of cards ) . 
europe , that has much time rezagada with regard to the region of , is gaining ground in the sector the payment without contact . 
around of 26 million of cards bank visa already have of this role , that on in 75.000 intermodal of payment . 
in france , their beginning are more modest : are being 400.000 cards visa without contact . 
but the large land working four . 
carrefour has we this year 2,5 million of cards pass mastercard without contact . 
for get the higher , not however , is necessary that the banks the consequently to available of their customers . 
& quot ; there two large establishments french that have committed to salvage systematically in the future , between their customers , cards bank dotadas the system without contact & quot ; , opening , general director of visa europe france . 
the banks photo the payment telephone mobile 
but so only is a first stage towards the half of payment the future : the telephone mobile . 
in the today , there few equipment equipados with the technology nfc ( near playing communication ) , essential for to the transactions . 
& quot ; are rezagando & quot ; . 
& quot ; but should end shares a real booming the year that next & quot ; . 
& quot ; prevemos that between 80 and 120 million of units in 2012 in all the world & quot ; , it marc bertin , president of eurosmart . 
but the banks take the delantera . 
the bank agricole announced yesterday the launching of a test between december and the next june in give . 
the iphone of around of 200 customers and colleagues with a funda that allows the payment without contact . 
the bpce at of a similar project in strasbourg and marseille . 
and the also has claimed yesterday that is about the marketing of a supply that to to their customers pay without contact to through of their mobile . 
the usual to nigeria , the with terrorist will in increase 
paris concerned the links between the tass in the islamic magreb and the secta boko haram . 
the links between the group terrorist the tass in the islamic magreb ( aqmi ) and the secta pleases of boko haram , on the that sospechaba since ago time , have confirmed . 
the sunday , the viceministro argelino of foreign affairs , abdelkader messahel , even said that argel already & quot ; has the certidumbre & quot ; . 
& quot ; the way in that both organisations operating and the reports of the services of intelligence shown that are cooperando & quot ; , he , without to more details . 
paris seems to to a similar conclusion . 
the research on the hostages of two french in niger the last january would pursued the pasarelas . 
raptados in a restaurant of niamey people relating with aqmi , antoine of and vincent delory died the day next with with several of their secuestradores during a operation replaces the special forces french . 
in the rubble of the intervention , the researchers french and nigerians as several chips that been to the terrorists . 
which terrorist 
the study of the on made that several towards partners based in mali , niger and nigeria . 
according radio france internationale ( rfi ) , two numbers captaron especially the interest of the researchers : one leads to a nigeriano that during much time in maiduguri , a city the north of nigeria , cradle of boko haram , and the another to a man that , supposed , is near to aqmi and to the secta . 
& quot ; is of a progress , but without doubt we wait to poseer evidence more formal before of about of operational cooperation between aqmi and boko haram & quot ; . 
& quot ; but is possible & quot ; . 
& quot ; know since ago years that the secta have of financial support and intellectual foreign and that every time is more active & quot ; , says kunle amuwo , a researchers nigeriano . 
these last months , these & quot ; support & quot ; had result every more time clear in the development and the speeches of boko haram or in their operational case , that now mean the use of kamikazes or equipment explosives every more time complex and the same lifestyle that the category aqmi . 
the international community , beginning washington , is since then pressing to abuya for that have in account the problems brought boko haram . 
the sympathetic authorities , of fact , have time recital the group as a community of iluminados little offsetting of interest . 
a success quickly 
up in 2002 in maiduguri in about to a mezquita , a school and the magnet fundamentalista succession yusuf , boko haram ( that means , in hausa , & quot ; the education western is a pecado & quot ; ) , grooming to the both of a islamic emirato in the north muslim of nigeria . 
in this region poor , the partnership is living a success quickly . 
politiza and requires a respect narrower of the sharia , while that their fighters within to the fight against the central government . 
these last orientan in first place to the churches , the televisions , the administrations . 
in 2009 , the fighters of boko haram were especially active and multiplicaron the attacks against the . 
the reaction of abuya was , as often to , widespread . 
the army the city and registered 800 dead . 
succession yusuf , arrested in life , receives the death in prison . 
since then , the secta radicaliza and or their feudos the north . 
the past their , eye a attack that cause 80 dead in jos and , after , another in abuya . 
in june , boko haram again to attack against abuya , in particular against the legutiano general constitutionally of the police , with a attack suicidal , the first of this kind . 
in august , the local headquarters of the nations un becomes in their first international aim . 
the creation of a which terrorist in africa , that since mauritania to somalia happening nigeria , concerned to all the specialists of the security . 
while that aqmi has undermined mali and niger and that the farah of al-chebab operating in kenya , boko haram from as a new threat in the centre the continent . 
the last week , during a meeting in nigeria with the president goodluck jonathan , alain you has having against boko haram and has claimed that was now to & quot ; share whole the information & quot ; . 
the world according the candidates republicans to the presidency 
in relationship with china , with iran and with the aid to israel , mitt romney , herman cain , and rick perry vying in simpleza and lack of knowledge . 
a america debilitada the crisis , can manage a world complex with ideas simple or , even , simplistas ? 
listening to the candidates republicans for the presidential , the electorate could think that so is . 
since ago a days , mitt romney , herman cain , rick perry and the other candidates every time do more statements estruendosas and atajos in on of foreign policy , traditionally a strong point of the republicans . 
extienden the lemas , to often infundamentados , on china , iran , the aid to israel . 
mitt romney , the candidate better a in the career towards the designation the & quot ; old cardiff party & quot ; , has threatened with to to the chinese to the wto and denunciarles & quot ; manipulation of their motto & quot ; , a issue key in a america exasperada the migration of fragmentos uncontrolled of their sector towards asia . 
as if that means the explosion of a war trade , said . 
jon huntsman , former ambassador of obama in china and the only candidate that has a vision sofisticada of the foreign policy , almost ahoga to a attitude that & quot ; apabulla & quot ; the emotion . 
has asked a dialogue firm , but equivalence , with beijing ( the current position of obama ) . 
but huntsman , that is plateau in the unidentified of the polls , still being inaudible . 
the lifestyle of ronald 
romney also has promised a military intervention in iran if the sanctions not true break their programme nuclear . 
& quot ; if salgo elected , to iran & quot ; , . 
& quot ; if obama its his , will the bomb & quot ; . 
promised also increase the military aid to israel , acusando to obama of have failed with their obligations in relationship with that partner . 
the his herman cain , the second candidate better mainly , shows their part a lack embarrassing of such subjects . 
recently , instaba to to to the military threat china because beijing & quot ; to develop capacity nuclear & quot ; , apparently her the fact of that china already at the military since 1964 . 
the governor tejano rick perry , that supports to israel and to intervene in iran , says that , their part , is now to orbiting the army us in mexico for fight against the which of the drugs . 
the appeal to the torture against the supposed terrorists , banned obama in 2009 , also what preconizan cain , perry and the cresson michele bachmann . 
the differences are considerable with the candidate republicano of 2008 , john mccain , a weight heavy in foreign policy . 
the opponents the current president contestan that ronald also had ideas simple and that won the war cold . 
reminiscent that the own obama was a amateur and that had that aflojar the piston in on of fight against the terrorism . 
insisten , with reason , in the failure of their ingenuo dialogue with iran , in the an hurried of the & quot ; boys & quot ; of iraq and in their tergiversaciones in libya , and what etiquetan of weak . 
but the attacks not them are simple . 
the population juzga of a way more well positive the balance of national security of obama , that is with laden laden . 
since iraq , of the military speeches that generate a hundimiento . 
and , argumentando that ago lack rebuild economically america for revive their leadership , obama the impression of be more fair . 
the nord stream , new door of entry the gas russian in europe 
the pipeline nord stream , that comunica directly europe western with russia happening the fund the baltic sea , already has since in service . 
must supply gas for satisfy the needs of thirty million of who . 
gazprom , the heralded russian the gas , has wanted so the event with great pompa . 
the last tuesday , more of 500 invited , including four heads of state and of government , took to on the baltic , between the music of the orquesta and a delicate bufet , in the opening the nord stream , the new pipeline that comunica directly , under the sea , russia with germany . 
symbolically , the chancellor german angela angela , the president russian at indication , the first minister french fillon and their counterpart of the countries netherlands , mark rutte , have girado together the volante of the that controls the entry of russian gas in the network of europe western . 
with this new pipeline , every year audience 27,5 million of cubic metres of russian gas additional to europe western to through of a first had of 1.224 km that comunican the region of st petersburg with the land of mecklemburgo-pomerania . 
a second tubo should concluirse to end of 2012 that will supply a total of 55.000 million of cubic metres of gas , is say , enough for cover all the consumption french . 
also , already about of the possibility of build a third tubo the same way . 
for gazprom , the completion to time of this huge labour is aires of victory . 
poland and the baltic countries had theories strongly the project . 
of fact , the nord stream will to allow supply gas directly to germany , any the course third earth countries ( poland and ukraine ) . 
of coup , these two countries some something of their power : for them , will more difficult influence in russia with cerrarle the access to the markets of europe western . 
in the point the debate , warsaw not in for the nord stream as a & quot ; new pact & quot ; , in reference to the alliance between hitler and stalin for should poland in 1939 . 
is say , if the issue is politically delicate . 
europe western , support the project russian , has successful a greater security of supply . 
but the price is a weakening of the europe of the energy , given that the project has led a gap between the european the this and the west . 
russia has known , in so only five years , do triunfar their vision of a alliance direct between russia and the countries western rich , large consumers of gas and with reserves every more time limited . 
& quot ; this pipeline is a component of our partnership with russia , a new arteria that we unite of conventional way & quot ; , this fillon during the opening the pipeline , proving to what point the large contracts the sector the gas are so political as economic . 
all this it the broad grins in the sides of the superiors of gazprom , many in lubmin , in the point of arrival the gas . 
the construction of this pipeline also is a technical achievement . 
the tubo submarino is made of steel recubierto of cement for protegerlo against the anclas of the ships . 
supports in the fund the sea , to a average of 200 values of depth . 
for construirlo , was necessary avoid camps of mines that traces of the second war world . 
& quot ; was necessary with or destroy a centena of them , caution & quot ; , out , spokesman of the society nord stream . 
also , necessary s providing the measures of protection of the supervise and the flora . 
the tubo is a long word of metal that overvalued as 242 torres eiffel and not is cut in whole their length : not , not stations of peacekeeping . 
was measures a platform of control in the waters of sweden , but the responsible the project renunciaron to the same the see that the swedish not were very prepared to allow that a society state russian estableciera of way permanent in the sea with to their coast . 
& quot ; in case of , interrumpiremos the step the gas in least of a minute & quot ; , there jens . 
in case of flight , the gas the pipeline , therefore , to the atmosphere . 
but the builders they little likely that would a flight , since that have to junturas that , according the forecasts , will a flight every 100.000 years . 
the control the state the pipeline does by a robot submarino , arrastrado a per , that of foreign inspections , so as by a has that everything the internal the pipeline . 
with the way of a pure , predictability in the internal the tubo , that has a distance of a metre , and at with the gas . 
to their arrival , after three hours minutes of journey to a speed of three second metres , except data precise on possible deformaciones the metal . 
the pipeline has been designed for work during fifty years without need of no kind of . 
the movement the gas does simply the pressure . 
the principle is of 200 bars and , to the an of 100 bars . 
five companies have uk their forces for power to to out this project . 
the company leader is gazprom , that has the 51 % of the cautiously . 
to it , unieron the german e.on and basf ( 15,5 % every a ) , so as the noticed gasunie and the group french gdf suez ( 9 % every one ) . 
these five societies have created a common company , call nord stream , committed of build and exploiting the pipeline . 
has their headquarters in zoug , switzerland , where the taxation is especially favourable . 
after , gazprom to this society , during a term of there renewable years , the whole of the capacities of transport of gas . 
& quot ; to gazprom you payments the capacity total , regardless of the amount of gas that really transport & quot ; , there jens . 
the funding of the construction the pipeline has taken just in a 30 % with the contribution of the accionistas and in a 70 % by loans banking . 
the total cost of the labour should achieve 7.400 million of eur for the two tubos . 
for gdf suez , example , the investment has reached the 240 million . 
but the accionistas weaker are insurance of that not their investment , since that gazprom moderating only the risk of the expenditure . 
the pipeline emerge the baltic in lubmin , in a at arenosa plantada of pinos . 
, with 4,5 metres of level , form the door of an the gas . 
there a sensors that miden the pressure , the temperature and the specific characteristics the gas to the arrival , before of that owed to the pipelines germans . 
since the last tuesday , the terminal receives a million of cubic metres of russian gas every time . 
to total capacity , will three million time and in 2012 , six million . 
moleskine , a libreta of mark . 
created ago half century a company italian , moleskine to restore to the people the will the escritura . 
has a air of adventure , of hours of escritura to the light of a vela . 
the libreta moleskine recognised easily , with their solder rectangulares blackest , their rubber , their hojas of colour white it , as envejecidas the time . 
without however , the libretas moleskine with the current aspect born ... in 1997 . 
the company italian way way , based in milan , decided in at time launch the market a libreta of answering of design , but distinguida . 
maria sebregondi , at then consultora of the company , acted the launching the new product . 
the libreta have in a former technical of production , the mole skin ( fur of topo ) , that concerns to a cotton barnizado that his , between other things , for cover the banquetas . 
this kind of libreta was very valued the writers and the passenger . 
& quot ; moleskine has adaptado the will current a old subject and neglected , a icono of the artists vanguardistas to the century the & quot ; , account maria sebregondi , that since then became in responsible of the mark in way way . 
and karlsbad the success . 
between 2006 and 2010 , the sales by in a 26 % , to achieve a volume of 12,7 million of units vendidas . 
far has been the confidential production of the first years , in the that only lifts 3.000 libretas . 
moleskine will more beyond of the italian borders and exported their products to 70 countries , since france to states united . 
is difficult determine the profile the one , since that the cuaderno of answering attracts therefore to men of business as to students and professionals . 
the as that moleskine , their users are cosmopolitas , of open spirit and opulence . 
the small italian company , that had with twelve workers in their beginning , now has close of 100 and , since 2008 , has two offices : a in milan and the other in new york . 
distribuye their cuadernos in bookshops , since the fnac to the small shops the centre of the cities , and has known impose their identity . 
& quot ; we we adaptado to the times and to the need of write , to despite the booming of the electronic post & quot ; , it maria sebregondi . 
this signing cultural will of the hand with the development of moleskine : recently , the mark has it the statement & quot ; detour & quot ; where architects or artists deviant their own cuaderno . 
in august , launched also a cuaderno with tapas of leopardo , with reason the festival of cinema of locarno . 
as their success and this aura cultural , moleskine has known been their products : bolsos , acts , , fundas of computer ... the mark of a wider range of soportes . 
a success that from envidia : in autumn of 2006 , way way was acquired the fund of investment sg capital europe , in the today syntegra capital , so a new website in the history of moleskine . 
what the rate of unemployment of the workers disabled still being so higher ? 
around the 19 % of the people with are for a employment . 
the xv week for the employment of the disabled starts today . 
to despite of a policy public settled , roundly since 2005 , the rate of unemployment between the people with greater the rate average : a 19 % , with the 9 % for the whole of the population . 
desalentadora ? 
& quot ; not & quot ; , says blanchet , general director of adapt , the partnership that t the week for the employment of the disabled . 
& quot ; the infrastructural progress since ago fifteen years are considerable . 
& quot ; in at then , the rate of unemployment not was two sometimes but three more sometimes higher that the average . 
& quot ; without however , still is great do & quot ; . 
be mention that the unemployed disabled are facing to many obstacles for access the employment . 
usually have a age more older : the 37 % has more of 50 years ( a 17 % of average ) . 
they a level of jobs little high : the 80 % not has over the bachillerato and , of the 2,3 million of students in the higher education , so only 10.000 are disabled . 
last , the unemployment of long an is very widespread between them : the 53 % for the disabled , with the 38 % of average . 
is say , there many issues that dificultan especially the return the world labour and that & quot ; are the quid the problem & quot ; , out christian grapin , general director of tremplin , a partnership created in 1992 for help to the companies to you workers disabled . 
these are the obstacles objectives . 
also , there those that not mention ; the mentality of the people is , but too slowly . 
a study done in april the partnership ims-entreprendre for the periodical that the directors encuestados have & quot ; a level of knowledge on the safely under & quot ; , with a & quot ; excessive representation of the people in wheelchair of wheelchair , deficientes physical or intellectuals & quot ; . 
the result : the private companies with more of 20 workers are very far the aim of you a 6 % of workers disabled , aim that in a law of ... 1987 . 
according the last available figures , that traces of 2008 , at a relationship the 2,6 % . 
& quot ; now they in about the 3 % & quot ; , out pierre disagree , general director of agefiph , the responsible agency of custom the contributions of the companies that not boost this law . 
the test : the number of establishment & quot ; subject to this contribution & quot ; , the as that the desembolsadas , have has between 2007 and 2011 , happening of 59.000 to 46.000 structures ( and of 606 to 480 million of eur ) . 
& quot ; the law of 2005 , that aumentaba the contributions , has led a great pressure for the companies & quot ; , it pierre disagree . 
& quot ; but this improvement also however a real , in particular between the large groups & quot ; . 
according the ministry of work , so only the 59 % of the societies that they between 20 and 49 workers account with employees disabled in their plantilla , with the 82 % of the companies of between 100 and 199 workers . 
hazard : & quot ; a joy & quot ; 
to point of have to the blues the tuesday the night ( 20h45 ) , eden hazard and georges leekens not secret the pleasure that them generated this party friendly . 
not we atreveremos to say that notaba israeli between them , but the image is symbolic . 
sentados one with the another , in the estrado the auditorio the stade of france , georges leekens and eden hazard really have fact the paces . 
five months after the gesture of grudge of their delantero against turkey , the seleccionador belgian not has more that praise for he . 
& quot ; i surprised much eden , their progress and because be belgian & quot ; . 
& quot ; i move & quot ; , you react the delantero of lille . 
in as the contrast between their presentaciones in their team and in the selection , & quot ; is a whole & quot ; , has justified . 
& quot ; in lille , i all the year , what which not applies to belgium . 
& quot ; i that situarme & quot ; . 
blessing for playing against romania the friday the night , taking in account this party against france , hazard next to saint-denis for , end , & quot ; brillar & quot ; . 
without ignore the & quot ; pleasure & quot ; . 
has animando to the blues since that had seven years , so as during the campaigns victoriosas of 1998 and 2000 . 
& quot ; always i been their fan & quot ; , says . 
without doubt , that will to strengthen especially the nature & quot ; particular & quot ; the i . 
especially because facing & quot ; to mathieu ( debuchy ) , yohan ( cabaye ) and adil ( rami ) & quot ; , reminds . 
& quot ; we just of faced ago little . 
& quot ; playing against them always is a joy . & quot ; 
with sencillez , leekens has fact their part reference the & quot ; pride & quot ; . 
& quot ; pride & quot ; also & quot ; a party of by & quot ; . 
& quot ; pride & quot ; also check , as & quot ; neighbour & quot ; , that france & quot ; again to be a team of very high level & quot ; , close of a year after the traumatismo of knysna . 
& quot ; laurent disagree has fact a work frontier & quot ; , said with enthusiasm . 
while that belgium not will to the next competition european , the technical would delighted of power share air with the blues towards ... brazil , in 2014 . 
& quot ; our small belgian are growing & quot ; , skills . 
& quot ; we build something ; the players are ambitious , are hungry . 
& quot ; will it in the next parties & quot ; . including the party against france . 
portugal shows very confidence 
the portugal of paulo bento faces with a great optimism the party of back against bosnia ( 22h00 ) , that will the tuesday in lisbon . 
in the party of adi , them missing realism to both equipment . 
& quot ; when transcurran these 90 minutes , be a team happy and , on all , a country happy & quot ; . 
paulo bento already is in poland and in ukraine . 
not has no doubt ; the , that at since september of 2010 , will to cualificarse for the championship of 2012 . 
indeed , so only 90 separate minutes to portugal of the . 
but there a party that playing and a contravention , bosnia , that defeat . 
taking in account the party of adi ( 0-0 ) , the friday in the hell of zenica , seems clear that the thing not is my . 
portugal delayed the party during more of a time , , but not could usher the valuable gol that you would given the quiet . 
& quot ; is a good result , but to the time a a risk , since that not we some outside of home & quot ; . 
but in home , in the bright on of the light of lisbon , the reassure are much of that , to a public that should be as of happy , even if is clear that the party & quot ; is very matched & quot ; , dixit a positive bento but . 
& quot ; we that the party is very matched , but we completely much of that we take the delantera & quot ; , declared the you portuguese of 42 years . 
& quot ; we taking a 50 % of possibilities of participate in the championship 2012 & quot ; , has , not however , relativizado the successor of charles queiroz . 
the score the friday in bosnia forced to the reassure to usher and to earn . 
to the bosnios them could to a score , although also have need of usher . 
& quot ; is a good result , but to the time a a risk , since that not we some outside of home & quot ; , regrets bento . 
& quot ; we to playing against a team that has a great technical quality and that at of players with a great individual quality & quot ; , added . 
the as that in zenica , the reassure iran with the intention of as , since the principle , a pressure vital on the bosnios for & quot ; not swearing time to think & quot ; . 
a good idea , always that , this time , be realistic . 
>>>>>>> master
